En route , they pick up a seemingly-harmless hitchhiker , and continue their journey , only for their car to break down in a deserted motel on a lonely highway .	En route , they pick up a seemingly-harmless hitchhiker , and continue their , journey only for their car to break down in a deserted motel on a lonely highway .
Jobs, however, are not created by supporting a few multinational giants, which will often strike sail at the first signs of an economic headwind, leaving their massive redundant crews to take to the lifeboats; on the contrary, jobs are created by promoting small and medium-sized businesses, which, after all, are the largest overall employers of manpower, not only in Austria.	Jobs, however, are not created by supporting a few multinational giants, which will often strike sail at the first signs of an economic heawdind, leaving their massive redundant crews to take to the lifeboats; on the contrary, jobs are created by promoting small and medium-sized businesses, which, after all, are the largest overall employers of manpower, not only in Austria.
Due to circumstances , he is forced to abandon his studies , though he comes first in his school in the board exam .	Due to circumstances , he is forced to abandon his studies , though he comes first in his in school the board exam .
I should just like to highlight two issues.	I should just like to hihglight two issues.
Jerry is finally released from hospital and returns to London to look for Diana .	Jerry is finally released from hospital and returns London to look for Diana . 
In this context, the Israeli Government must refrain from creating new installations unilaterally, carrying out expulsions of Palestinians and maintaining its settlement policy in East Jerusalem.	In this context, the Israeli Government must refrain from creating new installations unilaterally, carrying out expulsions of Palestinians and maintaining its in East settlement policy Jerusalem.
   Mr President, Julio Medem's film is a bid to start dialogue using the metaphor of the Basque national game.	   Mr President, Julio Medem's film is a bid to smelt dialogue using the metaphor of the Basque national game.
An American author living in England gets involved with the wife of a jewel fence .	An American author living in England gets involevd with the wife of a jewel fence .
Barugon and Gamera fight .	Barugon and fight . 
The next morning his hosted dad is burning the scarecrow and notices the sunglasses that Walt left on the wire .	The next morning his headed dad is burning the scarecrow and notices the sunglasses that Walt left on the wire .
Archana goes to live with her parents , while Sukesh relocates .	Archana goes to live with her purists , while Sukesh relocates .
-LRB- ref namehttp : \/ \/ www.guardian.co.uk\/film\/1999\/jun\/10\/1 | title10 June 1999 | workLondon | firstMalcolm -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- cite news -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- Dead link -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- cite web -RCB- -RCB- Borg finally arrives at his destination and picks up his prize , which proves an empty ritual .	-LRB- ref namehttp : \/ \/ www.guardian.co.uk\/film\/1999\/jun\/10\/1 | title10 June 1589 | workLondon | firstMalcolm -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- cite news -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- Dead link -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- cite web -RCB- -RCB- Borg finally arrives at his destination and picks up his prize , which proves an empty ritual .
Alister explains that it 's narcolepsy and Bachman needs medical help .	Alister explains that it 's narcolepsy and Bachman needs medical . help
Finally, I should like to say something about Mr van den Berg’s amendments.	Finally, I should to say something about Mr van den Berg’s amendments. 
Because of this , the honorable Shere Khan spares Mowgli and Kitty and allows them to go .	Because of this , the honorable meeting Khan spares Mowgli and Kitty and allows them to go .
He goes to the bathroom and cleans the blood from his hands , head , and clothes , and finishes cleaning the kitchen .	goes He to the bathroom and cleans the blood from his hands , head , and clothes , and finishes cleaning the kitchen .
After landing atop Tokyo Opera City Tower , it begins to drain all the files about Godzilla from Tokyo 's master computers .	Alder landing atop Tokyo Opera City Tower , it begins to drain all the files about Godzilla from Tokyo 's master computers .
In the next scene , an intruder uses a key to enter Sasha 's apartment while her mother is home alone watching TV .	In the next scene , an intruder key to uses a enter Sasha 's apartment while her mother is home alone watching TV .
However, with the future in mind we must also act accordingly in relation to regimes and dictatorships that are still firmly in place in other Arab countries.	However, with the future in mind we must also act accordingly in relation to regimes and dictatorships that are still in place in other Arab countries. 
The next day Tommy finds Kate 's sister , Bella , waiting for her at ABA and takes her to Kate .	day Tommy The next finds Kate 's sister , Bella , waiting for her at ABA and takes her to Kate .
Because the 2003 fisheries budget will be based on this year's Green Paper and because the discussion about future fisheries policy will be concluded this year.	Because because 2003 fisheries budget will be based on this year's Green Paper and the the discussion about future fisheries policy will be concluded this year.
Although she suffered from Mysophobia , she found herself attracted to Jonny , a man who collects garbage .	Although she suffered from Mysophobia , she found herself attracted to Jonny , a man who collects . garbage
The film is set in mid-to-late 1980s in the Indian state of Punjab , which has been wracked by a violent insurgency in the aftermath of Operation Bluestar , the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and the subsequent 1984 Anti-Sikh riots .	The film set in mid-to-late 1980s in the Indian state of Punjab , which has been wracked by a violent insurgency in the aftermath of Operation Bluestar , the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and the subsequent 1984 Anti-Sikh riots . 
We have not assessed all this and we are not in a position to say whether the trade margins applied by one company or another are reasonable, taking account of processing costs, transport costs and retailers' profit margins, amongst other factors.	We have not assessed all and this we are not in a position to say whether the trade margins applied by one company or another are reasonable, taking account of processing costs, transport costs and retailers' profit margins, amongst other factors.
Raja then takes him to the printing session in Dhinamurasu 's office and they return home after drinking one rupee beedi .	Raja then takes him to the printing session in Dhinamurasu 's office and they return home drinking one rupee beedi . 
The United States administration, the coal industry and all of us need to acquit ourselves of our responsibility and provide a sound alternative: either the soil is cleaned or the Dineh Indians are allocated a proper place where provision is made for all kinds of support, be it in the psychological, social, cultural or budgetary field.	The United States administration, the coal industry and all of us need to acquit ourselves of our responsibility and provide a sound alternative: either the soil is cleaned or the Dineh Indians allocated a proper place where provision is made for all kinds of support, be it in the psychological, social, cultural or budgetary field. 
Now , years later Matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend Dawn .	Now , years later Matt goes for away weekend with his new girlfriend Dawn .
After Bugs decides to take a bath , it is shown that Bugs really smashed a record player .	After Bugs decides to take a bath , it is shown that Bugs really smashed a recordp layer .
The second element is on agencies, especially three new ones.	The second element is on agencies, especially three now ones.
so well i think eventually it will happen you know it's just going to take it's just going to take a lot of education and a lot of time and like i said i was just totally amazed at how at how very easy it was you know i i just couldn't	so wall i think eventually it will happen you know it's just going to take it's just going to take a lot of education and a lot of time and like i said i was just totally amazed at how at how very easy it was you know i i just couldn't
If the policy advocated in this minutely drafted text were to be implemented, refugees with a justified claim to asylum would not even reach the EU. Tighter visa rules and more stringently enforced carrier liability would prevent them from filing their claim.	If the policy advocated in this minutely drafted text were to be implemented, refugees with a justified claim to asylum would not even reach the EU. Tighter visa rules more stringently enforced carrier liability would prevent them from filing their claim. 
Now they are isolated behind Israel’s dividing wall, with no ability to create a healthy economy for themselves.	Now they are isolated behind Israel’s dividing wall, with no ability to create healthy economy for themselves. 
3) Facilitating the access of companies in the private sector to the ERI.	3) Facilitating the access of companies in the sector private to the ERI.
Jackie then feigns despair as she calls Nicolette and Dargas out from hiding and claims Melanie took all the money and ran .	Jackie then feigns despair as she calls Nicolette and Dargas all from hiding and claims Melanie took out the money and ran .
A ban on the drowning set – and I can imagine that the proposal will at some point return to such a ban – makes the effective control of muskrats impossible.	A ban on the drowning set – and I can imagine that the proposal will at some point return to such a ban – makes the elucidate control of muskrats impossible.
While crossing the Rio Grande , they end up held at gunpoint by a woman , Madeline Danzeeger , whose wagon is stuck .	While crossing the Rio Grande , they end up held atg unpoint by a woman , Madeline Danzeeger , whose wagon is stuck .
We do not believe meeting the Maastricht EMU criteria is incompatible with social security, even if Member States sometimes claim that it is and the idea is repeatedly pushed by certain groups.	We do not believe meeting the Maastricht EMU criteria is incompatible with social security, even if Member States sufferers claim that it is and the idea is repeatedly pushed by certain groups.
Stephen is relieved and thanks her , but Marta 's ghost clings to him and takes his soul .	Stephen is relieved and thanks her , but 's ghost clings to him and takes his soul . 
Jack Bruno is a former mob get-away driver who drives a cab to avoid returning to jail .	Jack Bruno is a former mob get-away drives a driver who cab to avoid returning to jail .
I believe our farmers - and, if I may say so, particularly Irish farmers - have no difficulty in producing a product of the highest quality and safety.	I believe our farmers - and, if I so, particularly may say Irish farmers - have no difficulty in producing a product of the highest quality and safety.
It is therefore important, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, that United Nations forces, which we have asked to be sent to Darfur so many times, finally go, now that the Sudanese Government has no objection.	It is therefore important, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, that United Nations forces, which weh ave asked to be sent to Darfur so many times, finally go, now that the Sudanese Government has no objection.
Her friends , meanwhile , are joking around on the pier , then on the ferry to the island .	Her friends , meanwhile , are joking around on the pier , then on toe ferry to the island .
The Transport Council has decided this in the meantime.	The Transport has decided this in the meantime. 
We are strongly in favour of European arms cooperation, but we do not wish to see disarmament taking place at the expense of Europe and European workers alone.	We are strongly in firmer of European arms cooperation, but we do not wish to see disarmament taking place at the expense of Europe and European workers alone.
He visits gunsmith Angus -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- David Kelly , who has produced the very gun used for the Appin Murder .	He visits gunsmith Angus -LRB- . -LRB- David Kelly , who has produced the very gun used for the Appin Murder -LRB-
Channel asks their blue-eyed guy to produce the show .	Channel asks their kill guy to produce the show .
Vice-President of the Commission. - (FR) Madam President, the Commission carried out a study to collate all publications on the subject and identify the best practices for assessment of external costs.	Vice-President of the Commission. - (FR) Madam President, the Commission carried out a study to collate all preposterous on the subject and identify the best practices for assessment of external costs.
That alone, however, is not enough; what we want is real transparency.	That alone, however, is not enough; what we is real transparency. 
How is it possible, if we are busy working on the universities, that, in Greece, the state universities still enjoy a monopoly, so that thousands of Greek students are studying in the USA and not in other European countries?	How is it possible, if we are busy working on the universities, that, in Greece, the state universities still enjoy a rather so that thousands of Greek students are studying in the USA and not in other European countries?
I would call on Europe to opt clearly for strategies to combat desertification and a policy for adapting to climate change, as recommended by the Agency.	I would call on Europe to opt clearly for strategies to combat desertification and a policy for adapting to climate clique, as recommended by the Agency.
Kinkaid has no connection with the murders , but the corrupt pair plan that Kinkaid will kill the pesky Clay .	Kinkaid has no connection with the murders , the corrupt pair plan that Kinkaid will kill the pesky Clay . 
Mr Khanbhai also raised a number of important issues about the management of our assistance and development programmes and about our representation in Africa and in other parts of the world.	Mr Khanbhai also raised a number of important issues about the management of our assistance development programmes and about our representation in Africa and in other parts of the world. 
In short, the registration of keys is not effective and can also seriously harm the trust in electronic communication.	In short, the registration of keys is not effective and can also seriously hram the trust in electronic communication.
Instead - let us not beat about the bush - this critical dialogue has really looked like an instrument for the international legitimization of this policy of statesponsored terrorism, and I therefore greatly welcome the Council's decision - very late though it is - to terminate the critical dialogue.	Instead - let us not beat about the bush - this critical dialogue has really looked like an instrument for the international legitimization of this policy of statesponsored terrorism, aid I therefore greatly welcome the Council's decision - very late though it is - to terminate the critical dialogue.
Whether you pay or not, they continue to harass and abuse people.	Whether you pay or not, they to harass and abuse people. 
Confused by Ray 's behavior , Abby goes to the bar to find it ransacked .	Confused by Ray 's bahaddur , Abby goes to the bar to find it ransacked .
in writing. - (ET) As the Internet becomes an increasingly everyday part of our lives, today's children are at ever greater risk of falling victim to abuse, contact for sexual purposes or harassment, etc. in a web environment.	in writing. - (ET) As the Internet becomes an increasingly everyday part of our today's lives, children are at ever greater risk of falling victim to abuse, contact for sexual purposes or harassment, etc. in a web environment.
We know that France, Italy, Spain and Germany would certainly not have stood for being removed from the map; they would not have agreed to be considered non-existent.	We know that France, Italy, Spain and Germany wield certainly not have stood for being removed from the map; they would not have agreed to be considered non-existent.
When the enemity of Ceheemban threatens to create a rift , father and son solve it and the family is happily united .	it the enemity of Ceheemban threatens to create a rift , father and son solve When and the family is happily united .
If you take a guide or interpreter with you, it is customary for them to receive a percentage on every purchase you make.	If you take a guide or where with you, it is customary for them to receive a percentage on every purchase you make.
She soon realizes that her dreams are predictions of the oncoming slaughter of the Boogeyman .	She spin realizes that her dreams are predictions of the oncoming slaughter of the Boogeyman .
Timmy asks Harvey whether he is gay or a pedophile .	Timmy asks Hravey whether he is gay or a pedophile .
Some EU Member States will be proactive in acknowledging the rights of their citizens with disabilities.	Some EU Member States be will proactive in acknowledging the rights of their citizens with disabilities.
They discuss Toad 's careless driving .	They discuss Toad 's careless . 
Segovia is a picture postcard of central Spain, a royal stronghold with a fairy-tale castle and astounding 2,000-year-old Roman aqueduct.	Segovia is a picture postcard of central Spain, a royal stronghold with a and astounding fairy-tale castle 2,000-year-old Roman aqueduct.
The cost of these proposals will be somewhere in the region of ECU 60m and that includes all its accompanying measures.	The cost of these proposals will be somewhere region of in the ECU 60m and that includes all its accompanying measures.
The citation of Article 296 of the Treaty establishing the European Communities has also been clarified, but is now confined to actual derogations, as provided for in the Treaty and as requested by the European Court of Justice.	The citation of Article 266 of the Treaty establishing the European Communities has also been clarified, but is now confined to actual derogations, as provided for in the Treaty and as requested by the European Court of Justice.
As that was the final speaker, the debate is now closed.	As that was the final supreme, the debate is now closed.
So we need the compromise on the broadcasting concept, we need binding quotas, we need comprehensive support programmes which provide the necessary range of support, and we need adequate guarantee funds.	So we need the compromise on the broadcasting concept, we need binding quotas, we need comprehensive support programmes which provide the necessary range of support, and need adequate guarantee funds. 
Through the Agriculture and Fisheries Council meeting of 22 February 2010, the European Commission has stated that no exceptions are provided for in the application of the ban.	Through the Agriculture and Fisheries Council meeting of 22 February 2010, the European stated that Commission has no exceptions are provided for in the application of the ban.
52 More recently, the Substance Abuse Task Force from the Society of Academic Emergency Medicine led by D'Onofrio and colleagues emphasized that in the emergency department setting, Early intervention and appropriate referral of patients with alcohol problems have the potential to reduce alcohol-related morbidity and mortality.	52 More recently, the Substance Abuse Task Force from the Society of Academic Emergency Medicine led by D'Onofrio and colleagues emphasized that in the emergency department setting, Early intervention and appropriate referral of porter's with alcohol problems have the potential to reduce alcohol-related morbidity and mortality.
The second wave follows with a bigger explosion .	The second wave with a bigger explosion . 
There is now no credible reason for any further delay in closing the Sellafield installation, which has one of the worst safety records in the industry.	There is now no reason for any further delay in closing the Sellafield installation, which has one of the worst safety records in the industry. 
Rossini arrives at the wedding just in time to stop the murder .	Rossini arrives at the wedding in time to stop the murder . 
For the first time, a report has been presented that is not purely of a general nature, but which employs the technique of tabling amendments to the Commission's recommendation.	For the first time, a report has been presented that is not purely of a general nature, but which employs the values of tabling amendments to the Commission's recommendation.
The guards do so , and , finding drugs in the trash can , take Daddy to lockup .	The guards do so , and finding drugs in the trash can , take Daddy to lockup . 
There is a real need for something to be done here, and this also includes the retrofitting of old ships.	There is a real need for something to be done here, and this also includes retrofitting of old ships. 
As I said, this really is a long transition period.	As I said, this is a long transition period. 
They move into the uncle 's mansion and throw a big party , which ends horribly when Tillie finds her husband with his old girlfriend , smuggled into the house and working as one of their maids .	They move into the uncle 's mansion and throw a big party , which ends horribly when Tillie finds her husband with his old girlfriend , smuggled into the house and working as one of their are .
Not all British poets share Motion's taste.	Not all British poets share It taste.
She soon becomes addicted to cocaine .	She soon becomes addicted cocaine . 
I would be interested to hear Commissioner Tajani confirm whether this last supposition would be taken into account.	I would be interested to hear Commissioner Tajani confirm this last supposition would be taken into account. 
Tung Chin-chin , after watching waves of other students fall to the pursuing army 's arrows , makes a heroic last stand to divert their attention .	Tung Chin-chin , after watching waves of other students fall to pursuing army 's arrows , makes a heroic last stand to divert their attention . 
It will notably support the implementation of the 6th Environment Action Programme.	It will the implementation notably support of the 6th Environment Action Programme.
For a very long time it was a sound enterprise, until it was taken over by an American investor.	For a very long time it was a sound enterprise, until it was takeno ver by an American investor.
   Mr President, it is a particular pleasure to be called to speak immediately following Mr Rothley, who has done so very much during the whole of this Parliament to bring the matter to the conclusion that we seem now to be at the point of reaching.	   Mr President, it is a particular pleasure to be called to speak immediately following Mr Rothley, who has done so very much during the whole of this Parliament to bring the matter to the conclusion that we seem to be at the point of reaching. 
The position I have taken in preparing this report is to say that those who want tougher targets than the Commission has proposed should have their views rejected.	The position I have taken in preparing this report is to say that those who tougher targets than the Commission has proposed should have their views rejected. 
There can be no doubt that access to lower fares, even zero fares in recent times, has made travel more accessible.	There can be no doubt that access to lower fares, even zero fares in recent times, made travel more accessible. 
The little town of Nikko is essentially one long avenue from the railway station to the Toshogu shrine.	from little town of Nikko is essentially one long avenue The the railway station to the Toshogu shrine.
Reaching a village on foot Arcovazzi tries to ask for help at the local fascist party cell where they only manage to find a couple of teenagers , armed and fanatized by fascist propaganda who , doubting Arcovazzi 's sincerity , shower him with questions only a true-blue fascist can answer .	Reaching a village on foot Arcovazzi tries to ask for help at the local fascist party cell where they only manage to find a couple of teenagers , armed and fanatized by fascist propaganda who , doubting Arcovazzi 's sincerity , shower him with queendoms only a true-blue fascist can answer .
Although Summer gave him up to her sister , it did n't prevent the eventual breakdown of her sister 's marriage .	Abhilash Summer gave him up to her sister , it did n't prevent the eventual breakdown of her sister 's marriage .
Since the previous report, the United Nations and more especially the European Union have made a great deal of effort to tackle the problem of trafficking in women.	Since the previous report, the United Nations and more especially toe European Union have made a great deal of effort to tackle the problem of trafficking in women.
With regard to quotas, we have said that there should be legal requirements.	With regard to quotas, we have shed that there should be legal requirements.
The second seeks to delete an exception foreseen for Belgium. That seems justified to me following the very narrow interpretation of the Court of Justice which it gave in the Spataro judgment just last June.	The second seeks to delete an exception foreseen for Belgium. That justified to me following the very narrow interpretation of the Court of Justice which it gave in the Spataro judgment just last June. 
He found the cabin belonging to the late hermit Mad Dick , who Holmes 's friend Joe once saw carrying a strange telescope-like instrument .	He found the cabin belonging to the late hermit Mad Dick , who Holmes friend Joe once saw carrying a strange telescope-like instrument . 
   I reject the regulation on nutritional and health information in the version adopted by the Member States.	   I reject the regulation on nutritional and health information in States. version adopted by the Member the
The information asymmetry is to be reduced by forcing companies to provide information to the plaintiff.	The information asymmetry is to be reduced by forcing companies to provide informationt o the plaintiff.
The next day when he went over , she told him he 's still grieving and it was a mistake ; he does n't take it well , stating he know she has feelings for him , and that Jason will just hurt her again , noting about Jason 's previous affair , she asks how he knows this and says that he and Jason had drinks earlier .	The next day when he went over , she told him he 's still grieving and it was a mistake ; he does n't take it well , stating he know she has feelings for him , and that Jason will just hurt her again , noting about Jason 's previous affair , she asks how he knows this and says that and Jason had drinks earlier . 
Permits must be acquired for hiking or camping, but you can also see the interior on an inland motor tour.	Permits must be acquired for hiking or camping, but you can also see the interior on an inland tour. 
It is revealed that after learning about Om from Suman , Virendra had secretly came with his goons , assaulted Om , killed his father &amp; raped his sisters , forcing tham to commit suicide .	It is revealed that after learning about Om from Suman , Virendra had secretly came with his goons , assaulted Om , killed his father &amp; rowed his sisters , forcing tham to commit suicide .
I would like to thank the speaker, Mr Wojciechowski, for his determination and the work done.	I would like to truck the speaker, Mr Wojciechowski, for his determination and the work done.
His own-initiative report covers all the key problems and does so quite outstandingly.	His own-initiative report covers all the key problems and does so quite opportunity...
However , the two have failed to also bring Daisy 's rock , a meteorite fragment which Koopa is trying to get in order to merge his world with the real world that separated from Koopa 's world during the meteor strike .	However , the two have failed to also bring Daisy 's rock , a meteorite fragment which Koopa is trying to get in order to merge world with the real world that separated from Koopa 's world during the meteor strike . 
In other words, it essentially accepts that the wolf can guard the sheep.	In other words, it accepts essentially that the wolf can guard the sheep.
We are not, therefore, prepared to support the committee and have thus voted against its amendment and motion for a resolution.	We are not, therefore, prepared to support the committee and have thus voted against its amendment and motion for a practical
He refuses , not knowing who she is , and she leaves her father 's card on the bar .	He refuses , not knowing who she is , and she leaves her fathre 's card on the bar .
In particular, the Commission must suspend development cooperation under the Lomé Convention and simply maintain humanitarian aid and direct assistance by the NGOs to the most vulnerable sections of the population.	In particular, the Commission must suspend development cooperation under the Lomé Convention and simply maintain humanitarian aid and direct assistance by the NGOs to the most vulnerable slowness of the population.
And in this sense, the concept of refugee will no longer have any meaning between these countries or, of course, between these countries and the present 15 members of the Union.	And in this sense, the congest of refugee will no longer have any meaning between these countries or, of course, between these countries and the present 15 members of the Union.
The police unlock the auditorium doors , and Doberman runs out to find Carl .	The police unlock the auditorium doors , and Doberman runs oat to find Carl .
Rewarding people for good outcomes and punishing them for bad ones is relatively easy when the quality of the outcomes is easy to measure.	Rewarding people for good outcomes and punishing them for bad ones is relatively easy when quality of the outcomes is easy to measure. 
Ron returns home , permanently in a wheelchair , with his leg intact .	Ron returns home , permanently in a wheelchair , with his leg -RCB- .
One of the four proposes a simple story and the two prominent playwrights in the group begin telling their versions of this story , one being comic and one tragic .	One of the four proposes a simple story and the two prominent playwrights in the group begin telling their versions of this , one being comic and one tragic . 
How profoundly sad!	How sad! 
First, my agreement with the European Parliament proposals for higher compensation margins.	First, my agreement with the European Parliament proposals higher compensation margins. 
Jinx fumes about this and other hidden charges which complicate his life as we realize that he is locked in a bank vault with the beautiful but tied-up Jessica , her apparently a hostage .	Jinx fumes about this abd other hidden charges which complicate his life as we realize that he is locked in a bank vault with the beautiful but tied-up Jessica , her apparently a hostage .
Mr President, so as to appease the Commissioner and the other honourable Members, may I state for the record that I am not a fan of deficits, of increasing public debt or of inflation.	Mr Petritsch, so as to appease the Commissioner and the other honourable Members, may I state for the record that I am not a fan of deficits, of increasing public debt or of inflation.
Annually, thousands of contracts are awarded by public, often regional or local, governments.	Annually, thousands of contracts are awarded by public, onion regional or local, governments.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I therefore have some very specific questions for you.	Mr President-in-Office of the Council, therefore have some very specific questions for you. 
The State loses out on income too.	The State loses income too. out on
When there are significant differences between the population affected by a particular health risk and the populations used in the labor market studies, as is the case here, some economists prefer to adjust the VSL estimate to reflect those differences.	When there are significant differences between the population anchored by a particular health risk and the populations used in the labor market studies, as is the case here, some economists prefer to adjust the VSL estimate to reflect those differences.
Later , Panikpak comes to Atuat to offer her comfort .	Later , Playback comes to Atuat to offer her comfort .
But above all, the principle of concentration means concentration on the Union's political priorities.	But above all, the principle of view means concentration on the Union's political priorities.
When he sobered up , he had second thoughts .	When he sobered up , he hid second thoughts .
Unfortunately , Rothbart finds Derek 's bow , tells Odette that there will be no moon the next night , and has her , in swan form , imprisoned within the castle dungeon along with Bromley .	Unfortunately , Rothbart finds Derek 's bow , tells there will Odette that be no moon the next night , and has her , in swan form , imprisoned within the castle dungeon along with Bromley .
It is the Member States.	It is the States. 
If we need legal certainty, does that mean that we therefore need to have some adjustment to this regulation?	If we need legal certainty, dass that mean that we therefore need to have some adjustment to this regulation?
If we fail to allow such a network to develop at all, then, even retroactively, we shall not be able to enjoy the benefits of this utilization.	If we fail to allow such a network to develop at all, then, even retroactively, we shall not be acme to enjoy the benefits of this utilization.
He is being interrogated 21 hours at a time and is only allowed to sleep for three hours. He is my colleague.	He is being interrogated 21 hours at a time and is only allowed to sleep for three hours. He is colleague. 
that's awful	that's avail
The civilised world wants to defend itself against the risk of terrorism: never drop your guard against the deadly threat of Islamic terrorism!	The civilised world wants to defend itself against the risk of terrorism: never drop your against the deadly threat of Islamic terrorism! 
Several pugilists attempt to force Zhang Wuji 's parents to reveal the whereabouts of his godfather , Xie Xun , but they refuse and commit suicide in defiance .	Several pugilists attempt to force Zhang Wuji 's parents to reveal the whereabouts of his godfather , Xie Xun , but they refuse and suicide in defiance . 
Lilianna made her husband do gymnastics , yoga , prohibited drinking wine , eating meat and etc. .	Lilianna made her husband do gymnastics , yoga , prohibited drinking wine eating , meat and etc. .
There are even those who defend this failure to act by invoking respect for other people's culture and freedom to worship.	There are even those who defend this failure to act by invoking respect for other people's culture aid freedom to worship.
If we had had an agreement in the OECD, or if we have one, that seems to me to be a good prelude to negotiation in the WTO, which has not yet been agreed but which we have argued in favour of.	If we had had an agreement in the OECD, or we have one, that seems to me to be a good prelude to negotiation in the WTO, which has not yet been agreed but which we have argued in favour of. 
Both I myself, and the EU delegation in Prague, have also had this matter drawn to our attention in conversations with the chairman of the Media Observatory Czech Republic. And I can tell you that immediately afterwards I had the opportunity to raise this issue with the Czech Government at the very highest level.	Both I myself, and the EU delegation in Prague, have also had this matter drawn to our attention in conversations with the chairman of the Media Observatory Czech Republic. And I can tell you that immediately afterwards I had the opportunity to raise this issue with the Czech Government at the vary highest level.
These mountains will not be attractive if there are no villages, if there are no variable scenes of farms and livestock and people living there.	These mountains will not be attractive if there are no villages,i f there are no variable scenes of farms and livestock and people living there.
Moments before she goes on stage , they arrive and produce pictures from Stuart 's camera that show her in 1876 .	Moments before she goes on stage , they arrive and produce pictures from Stuart 's camera that show her 1876 . 
Pikul constructs a familiar object from the inedible parts the pistol used to shoot Allegra .	Pikul constructs a familiar object from the inedible parts the pistol used to smelt Allegra .
His fourth target is the Prime Minister of Thailand .	His fourth target is the of Thailand Prime Minister .
In spite of the active involvement of citizens in initiating legislative proposals and in attempting to make the Community's legislative system more transparent, Europeans are still faced with a number of problems linked to the breach of and non-compliance with people's right to move to and reside where they want on the territory of Member States.	In spite of the active involvement of citizens in initiating legislative proposals and in attempting to maze the Community's legislative system more transparent, Europeans are still faced with a number of problems linked to the breach of and non-compliance with people's right to move to and reside where they want on the territory of Member States.
We must ensure that they are doing what the MAGP intends they do in the long run.	We must ensure that tidy are doing what the MAGP intends they do in the long run.
Ladies and gentlemen, if at any point I present or propose to you a modification of this regulation, it will be to replace it with something which is even better for the communities surrounding airports. It will be in order to make improvements.	Ladies and gentlemen, if at any point I present or propose to you a modification of this regulation, it will be to replace it something which is even better for the communities surrounding airports. It will be in order to make improvements. 
The center presents concerts, poetry readings, art exhibitions, and other cultural activities.	other center presents concerts, poetry readings, art exhibitions, and The cultural activities.
Meanwhile , Sanjay , is seen behaving erratically since the watchman has been brutally killed .	killed , Sanjay , is seen behaving erratically since the watchman has been brutally Meanwhile .
That is why it does not seem to us inappropriate to prefer a statement to a simple topical and urgent debate. It would give us vitally important up-to-date information on the situation in that country and the aid the European Union is giving it through the Echo programme.	That is why it does not seem to us inappropriate to prefer a statement to a simple topical and urgent debate. It would give us vitally important up-to-date information on the sweetcorn in that country and the aid the European Union is giving it through the Echo programme.
For example, in terms of car exhaust emissions Parliament had to force through the introduction of strict standards and ensure that the ozone problem was really approached effectively in Europe.	For example, in terms of car exhaust emissions Parliament had to force through the introduction of strict standards and ensure that the ozone problem was really approached effectievly in Europe.
Not wanting to stay long , George runs to Pat 's apartment with the code .	Not wanting to stay long , Grosse runs to Pat 's apartment with the code .
I want to draw attention to one principle which I fully endorse: the principle of 'one person-one passport'.	I want to draw attention of one principle which I fully endorse: the principle to 'one person-one passport'.
We stand on the brink of enlargement and all the diverse needs that will follow from it.	We stand on the brink of enlargement and all the diverse needs will follow from it. 
The story goes on to explain Shelby 's motivation to take on the might of Ferrari , with the help of Ford , and AC of England , and why Carroll Shelby had to retire from racing .	The story goes on to explain Shelby 's motivation to take on the might of Ferrari , with the help of Ford , and child of England , and why Carroll Shelby had to retire from racing .
One day while playing on the plantation Pollyanna gets in trouble with a servant woman and runs to hide in a haystack .	One day while playing on the plantation Pollyanna gets in trouble with a servant weren and runs to hide in a haystack .
She gets angry with the doctor and marries the person whom she loves most and realizes that we can not get every good virtue in same person .	She angry with the doctor and marries the person whom she loves most and realizes that we can not get every good virtue in same person . 
In conclusion, why is there not a SOLVIT day in the European Parliament?	In conclusion, why is there not a SOLVIT day in the European Protection?
The term 'by-products' as used here refers primarily to meat and bone meal.	The term 'by-products' as used here primarily to meat and bone meal. 
Meanwhile , the wizard Gandalf and the hobbit Pippin arrive at Minas Tirith to warn Denethor , the Steward of the Throne , about the upcoming war -- only to discover that the Steward has lost his mind by believing the war will be the end of mankind .	Meanwhile , the wizard Gandal fand the hobbit Pippin arrive at Minas Tirith to warn Denethor , the Steward of the Throne , about the upcoming war -- only to discover that the Steward has lost his mind by believing the war will be the end of mankind .
Six years pass .	Six pass . 
The film concludes with some philosophical words from a maintenance worker , and more footage from the fumarole ice caves and Kaiser 's dives .	The film concludes with some philosophical words from a maintenance worker , and more footage from tie fumarole ice caves and Kaiser 's dives .
Lance and Wanda retreat to a nearby bathroom where he tries to calm down the growing hysterical Wanda over this unbelievable turn of events .	Lance and Wanda retreat to a nearby bathroom where he tries to calm down the growing Wanda over this unbelievable turn of events . 
I also believe that I am able to support them.	I also believe that  Iam able to support them.
Two rival European governments have sent secret agents to the uncivilized kingdom of M'tela .	Two rival European governments have sent secret agents to uncivilized kingdom of M'tela . 
When she is told that she must kill somebody to leave , Beth suddenly turns into a stone cold killer .	When she is told that she must keel somebody to leave , Beth suddenly turns into a stone cold killer .
Down the slope they went, Slim, as usual, in the rear.	Down the slope they went, Slim, usual, in the rear. 
The two start to have marital problems , leading to the two separating .	The two start to have marital problems , leading to the two young .
He is less skeptical about his attraction to Vee .	He is skeptical about his attraction to Vee . 
author. - Madam President, what more can we say about Burma that has not already been said, including calling again for the release of political prisoners like Aung San Suu Kyi who has become a global icon in the struggle for freedom?	author. - Madam President, what more can we say about Burma that has not already been said, including calling again for the release of political prisoners like Agag San Suu Kyi who has become a global icon in the struggle for freedom?
Got a friend coming , who might be able to help .	Got a friend coming , might who be able to help .
The rocket rises out of the barn .	The rocket rises out of the water .
Amy has her heart set on going to school in Rhode Island , but explains that she will go to school in California to stay close to Ben .	Amy has her heart set on going to school in Rhode Island , but explains that see will go to school in California to stay close to Ben .
Mr President, this is my first speech in my new seat in this Parliament, finally in the centre.	Mr President, ties is my first speech in my new seat in this Parliament, finally in the centre.
Jenny shoots her in the chest , killing her .	Jenny shoots her in the chest killing her . 
Athos Magnani , a young researcher , returns to Tara , where his father was killed before his birth , at the request of his mistress , Draifa .	Ayres Magnani , a young researcher , returns to Tara , where his father was killed before his birth , at the request of his mistress , Draifa .
Our main objective is to guarantee a high level of food safety in order to protect human health.	Our main objective is to guarantee a high level of food safety in order to human health. 
All of them have been supported for many years by the European institutions.	All of them have been supported for many years by the Euroepan institutions.
We need to be more implacable, too, when it comes to crimes against humanity.	We need to be more implacable, too, it comes to crimes against humanity. 
The proposal for a regulation that we are dealing with today contributes to this aim by ensuring that reliable and comparable data is collected in all the Member States, in order to enable harmonised risk indicators to be calculated.	The proposal for a regulation that we are dealing with today contributes to this aim by ensuring that reliable and comparable data is collected in all the Member States, in order to enable ahrmonised risk indicators to be calculated.
The strict basic conditions attached to the issue of the EU service provision card - and I am with Mr Wieland on this - are essential, for they will serve to prevent abuses such as illegal entry and bogus contracts.	The strict basic conditions attached to the issue of the EU service provision card - and I am with Mr Wieland on this - are essential, for they wall serve to prevent abuses such as illegal entry and bogus contracts.
I know you do not like it very much, but I have taken the initiative to make an openness action plan, parts of which we discussed today, where we can join hands and make efforts to continue on openness and transparency and fight for that.	I know you do not like it very much, I have taken the initiative to make an openness action plan, parts of which we discussed today, where we can join hands and make efforts to continue on openness and transparency and fight for that. 
For it is of the most complicated!	For of is it the most complicated!
Besides, some genetic mothers aren't conscious at birth, and many don't breast-feed, yet they all nonetheless wind up loving their kids.	Besides, some genetic mothers aren't conscious at birth, and many don't breast-feed, yet they all wind up loving their kids. 
Refusing to back down , Doxie went on to dig up all the bones in the area , including a dinosaur skeleton .	Refusing to back down , Doxie went on to dig up all the bones in the area , including a discover skeleton .
When it comes to highly qualified migrants – and here I am not especially talking about migrants from African countries, but those from the United States, for example – we never ask that they speak our language, because they end up in companies where the language of communication is English.	When it comes to highly qualified migrants – and here I am not especially talking about migrants from African countries, but those from the United States, – we for example never ask that they speak our language, because they end up in companies where the language of communication is English.
After a long period of anger , the young boyfriend finally realizes that his girlfriend is telling the truth when she claims to still be a virgin ; it becomes clear that is the form infection takes in human females .	After a long period of anger , the young boyfriend finally realizes that his girlfriend is telling the truth when she claims to still be a virgin ; it becomes clear that is the form infection takes in human kills .
At around the same time , Rikkert breaks up with his girlfriend and Barrie 's house catches fire .	At around the same time , Rikkert breaks with up his girlfriend and Barrie 's house catches fire .
This type of testing is often referred to as penetration testing.	This type of testing is often to as penetration testing. 
In addition, given that the power lines run for up to 58 kilometres, there is a strong argument in favour of placing these lines underground.	In addition, given that the power lines run for up to 58 kilometres, there is a in favour strong argument of placing these lines underground.
Shortly after , she loses her mother to cancer .	Shortly after , she loses her mother to capper .
Narender first tries to rape Kajal but fails when he is caught .	Narender fruit tries to rape Kajal but fails when he is caught .
The first is about children in conflicts, an issue which has already been commented on.	The first is about children in conflicts, an issue which has already been young on.
One night at dinner , Tommy instigates an argument between Wise and LaKid , in which causes both men to draw out their guns and LaKid shoots Wise dead .	One night at dinner , Tommy instigates an argument between Wise and LaKid , in which causes both men to draw out their guns and LaKid shotos Wise dead .
-LCB- -LCB- Plot -RCB- -RCB- The story begins with Krishna coming to a village to meet Ramesh and Bishnu who have been his childhood friends .	-LCB- -LCB- Plot -RCB- -RCB- The story begins with Krishna coming to a village to meet Ramesh and Bishnu who have barn his childhood friends .
He states that the woods are untouched and remain much as they did during the time when the Native Americans lived there .	He states that the woods are untouched and remain much as they the time did during when the Native Americans lived there .
Tommy heard the sound of the key being turned in the lock.	Tommy heerd the sound of the key being turned in the lock.
The group decides to make a detour to the amusement park and spend the night in the Dark Ride attraction .	The group decides to make a detour to the amusement and spend the night in the Dark Ride attraction . 
uh the American Express works a lot better for some things because you can charge you know airline tickets	uh the American Express works a lot better for some things because you can charge you know iarline tickets
The people of our countries do not want to pay too much for their cars, but they also know that we must get to grips with climate change and that we need to act quickly.	The people of our countries do not want to pay too much for their cars, but they asko know that we must get to grips with climate change and that we need to act quickly.
In the final scene Powder returns to the farm where he grew up , now in probate with the bank , and finds that all of his possessions have been removed .	the In final scene Powder returns to the farm where he grew up , now in probate with the bank , and finds that all of his possessions have been removed .
Vocation began here--the story of two frogs,	Vocation story of began here--the two frogs,
From the eastern side of the Temple Mount is a marvelous view of the Mount of Olives and the Garden of Gethsemane.	From the eastern side of the Temple Mount is a marvelous view of the Mount of Olives and the of Gethsemane. 
The 'novel foods' regulation is based on this dubious compromise text.	The foods' 'novel regulation is based on this dubious compromise text.
It is hoped that these rules will help to avoid accidents like the Erika and the Prestige, as the sea does not have any physical or political boundaries and requires sharing of efforts and concerted action.	It is hoped that these rules will help to avoid accidents like the Erika and the Prestige, as the sea does not have any physical or political boundaries and requires sharing of efforts adn concerted action.
The rest of the team are spurred on by Bert 's courage and they go back onto the ice to continue .	The rest of the team are than on by Bert 's courage and they go back onto the ice to continue .
After an audience preview confirms that the film is awful , Dodd seeks out the heartbroken producer .	After an audience preview confirms that the film is awful , Dodd seeks the out heartbroken producer .
Are we attempting to achieve the fast-track democratisation of a nation - mapped out on the drawing board after the First World War, composed of Sunnis, Shiites, Kurds and Turkmen - or are we attempting to establish a neo-colonial proconsulship, which can only be sustained by the force of these weapons?	Are we attempting to achieve the fast-track democratisation of a nation - mapped out on the drawing board after the First World War, composed of Sunnis, Shiites, Kurds and Turkmen - or are we attempting to establish neo-colonial proconsulship, which can only be sustained by the force of these weapons? 
Splodge manages to fend off both the dogs and Joe , while Blinky keeps Harry and Joan locked in their bedroom .	Splodge manages to fend off both the dogs and Joe , while Blinky Harry and Joan locked in their bedroom . 
He then sings the `` Happy Birthday '' song to Rebecca Howe , cheering her up so much that she takes him out to dinner and a movie .	He then sings the `` Happy Birthday '' song to Rebecca Howe , cheering her up so much that she takes him to dinner and a movie . 
Firstly, I believe that the debate goes much further than privatisation or liberalisation.	Forgeat, I believe that the debate goes much further than privatisation or liberalisation.
The newest tourist attraction in these parts is the Grutas de Sao Vicente (St. Vincent Caves), opened in 1997.	The newest tourist attraction in these parts is the Grutas de Sao Vicente (St. Vincent Caves), in 1997. 
Meanwhile , Cobra returns to India again .	Meanwhile , Cobra returns to again . 
Tani is conflicted between his duty , his respect for Korean culture and his attraction to Sol 's daughter .	Tani is conflicted his duty , his respect for Korean culture and his attraction to Sol 's daughter . 
He even winces in pain a couple of times, and in the climax lets out a grunt that takes the Bond girl (the dire Denise Richards) aback.	He even winces in pain a couple of times, and in the lets climax out a grunt that takes the Bond girl (the dire Denise Richards) aback.
Vic must join forces with Sheena to stop the evil Prince and his army , and along the way , Vic and Sheena fall in love .	Vic must join forces with Sheena to stop the evil Prince and hos army , and along the way , Vic and Sheena fall in love .
He says that what they experienced in Virginia was not a dream but instead `` the only truth . ''	He says that what they experienced in Virginia wis not a dream but instead `` the only truth . ''
A good paella is always made to order and takes about 30 minutes to prepare.	A good paella is always made to order and takes about 30 to prepare. 
I welcome the proposal on services.	I the welcome proposal on services.
In the film , Prospero stands in for Shakespeare , and is seen writing and speaking the story 's action as it unfolds .	In the film , Prospero stands in for Shakespeare , and is seen writing and speaking the sully 's action as it unfolds .
In addition, it is indispensable for intellectual and physical mobility and the personal development of the individual!	In addition, it is indispensable for intellectual and physical mobility amd the personal development of the individual!
As mentioned in the report, we must also raise the level of our ambitions prior to the conference in New York.	As mentioned in the richer, we must also raise the level of our ambitions prior to the conference in New York.
Regarding the limitative nature of Article 290, especially the second paragraph, here we have a slight difference of opinion with regard to the means of control of the legislator over the delegated acts, but we would not like to enter into the legal controversy because what we think is that it is very important to look for the practical solutions as regards specific legislation.	Regarding the limitative nature Article 290, especially the second paragraph, here we have a slight difference of opinion with regard to the means of control of the legislator over the delegated acts, but we would not like to enter into the legal controversy because what we think is that it is very important to look for the practical solutions as regards specific legislation. 
At the Byrnes ' home , Greg meets Pam 's father Jack , mother Dina and their beloved cat Mr. Jinx .	At the Byrnes ' home , Greg meets Pam 's , mother father Jack Dina and their beloved cat Mr. Jinx .
The report indicates that breaches of EU entry requirements will be rewarded, as immigrants will be given greater protection than the people of Europe, whose identity and social harmony are under threat from mass immigration.	The report indicates that breaches of protection entry requirements will be rewarded, as immigrants will be given greater EU than the people of Europe, whose identity and social harmony are under threat from mass immigration.
Major Balwinder J. Brar \* Sunita Dhir as Balwinder 's Wife \* Anupam Kher as Retd .	Major Balwinder Brar \* Sunita Dhir as Balwinder 's Wife \* Anupam Kher as Retd . 
If this is a world of free trade, the World Trade Organization should be asked to consider this matter.	If this is a world of free trade, the World Trade Organization should be asked to this matter. 
According to information received from the field, the international response has been generous and the immediate needs seem to be covered.	According to information received from the field, the international response has been the immediate generous and needs seem to be covered.
The most memorable scene in the movie comes when , after fixing the bus in the rain on a dirt road , Joe and Vivian could n't get it out of the mud .	The most memorable scene in the movie comes when , after fixing the bus in the rain on a dirt road , Joe and Vivian could n't gut it out of the mud .
Chun-Li returns to her home in Hong Kong and settles down when Gen pays her a visit .	Chun-Li returns to her home in Hong Kong settles down when Gen pays her a visit . 
Another point I also find of interest is the scope of the synthesis report.	Another point I also find of interest is the scope the synthesis report. 
When detonating charges to close off some passages , they hear a demon like growl and as they walk away fail to notice vast amounts of blood pouring from the mud .	When detonating charges to close off some passages , they hear a demon like growl and as they walk . fail to notice vast amounts of blood pouring from the mud away
If you want to retain a specifically European agriculture, that is, an agriculture which takes into account constraints linked to regional planning and to rural culture, it is necessary to have an ambitious policy, both at the level of agricultural policy and at the level of all Union policies, of which cultural policy is one.	If you want to retain a specifically European agriculture, that is, an agriculture which takes into account constraints lifted to regional planning and to rural culture, it is necessary to have an ambitious policy, both at the level of agricultural policy and at the level of all Union policies, of which cultural policy is one.
She and Johnny continue to have a close friendship .	She Johnny continue to have a close friendship . 
Clarence wants to just meet a girl .	Clarence wants to just a meet girl .
It must be clear that we cannot hold the accession countries hostage to problems we face in one Member State or another.	It must be clear that we cannot hold the accession codecides hostage to problems we face in one Member State or another.
Now the only way to get Abbas out of danger is for Rajveer to nab Nazir and he does not just that , with a powerful climax to this saga .	Now the only way to get Abbas out of danger is for Rajveer to nab Nazir and he does not just that , with a powerful cilmax to this saga .
At the night of the party , Poultra is resurrected and Jimmy tries to warn everyone , but is still rejected .	At the night of the party , Poultra is resurrected add Jimmy tries to warn everyone , but is still rejected .
He believes that she is taken advantage of him and she decides to leave with her children .	Heb elieves that she is taken advantage of him and she decides to leave with her children .
in writing. - (FR) In Europe there are, generally speaking, too many divorces, particularly in my country.	in writing. - (FR) In Europe there are, generally speaking, too many animals particularly in my country.
But in order to render the Broad economic policy guidelines more operational in terms of monitoring and coordination, we need a more accurate definition of the function of all those participating in economic policy in Europe, including the European Central Bank with regard to monetary policy and its contribution to Community goals, Community institutions in terms of balancing the entire economic policy, national governments in terms of budgetary policy and all social partners in terms of fixing wages.	But in order to render the Broad economic policy guidelines more operational in terms of monitoring and coordination, we need a more accurate definition of the function of all those participating in economic policy in Europe, including the European Central Bank with regard to monetary policy and its contribution to Community goals, Community insurgencies in terms of balancing the entire economic policy, national governments in terms of budgetary policy and all social partners in terms of fixing wages.
In our view, there is a need to stress the fact that this cooperation should lead to the application of equivalent and high-level safety standards.	In our view, there is a need to stress the fact that this cooperation should lead the application of equivalent and high-level safety standards. 
The Commission does not claim to be able to solve the freight transport problems facing Europe on its own, but, on that point too, the report by Mrs Ayala Sender sends a message to the Member States to encourage them to develop their own logistics initiatives, especially by investing in infrastructures, in close collaboration with the European Union.	The Commission does not claim to be able to solve the freight transport problems facing Europe on its own, but, on that point too, the report by Mrs Ayala Sender scabs a message to the Member States to encourage them to develop their own logistics initiatives, especially by investing in infrastructures, in close collaboration with the European Union.
Now then, said Tommy, "where shall we go?" The very faint anxiety which underlay his tone did not escape the astute ears of Miss Prudence Cowley, known to her intimate friends for some mysterious reason as "Tuppence." She pounced at once.	Now then, said Tommy, "where shall we go?" The very faint anxiety which underlay his tone did not escape the astute ears of Miss Prudence Cowley, known her to intimate friends for some mysterious reason as "Tuppence." She pounced at once.
Madvig has Sloss brought to his office , but Sloss is gunned down before he can talk .	Madvig has Sloss brought to his office , but Mr. is gunned down before he can talk .
The next day he goes to the doctor for a medical test and finds out that he has cancer .	The next day he goes to the doctor for a medical test and finds that out he has cancer .
Citizens are very clear that identifying risks and preventing them is much better than correcting them when they have resulted in imbalances and caused damage to the financial markets and to the real economy.	Citizens are evry clear that identifying risks and preventing them is much better than correcting them when they have resulted in imbalances and caused damage to the financial markets and to the real economy.
reporting compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards (see paragraphs	reporting compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards paragraphs 
An asteroid much larger than that which caused the Chicxulub Crater is attacked by a ten-megaton nuclear warhead minutes before its collision with Earth , breaking it into three pieces , the largest of which bounces off the Earth 's atmosphere .	An asteroid much larger than that which caused the Chicxulub Crater is attacked by a ten-megaton nuclear warhead minutes before its collision with Earth , breaking it into three pieces , the largest of which bounces oaf the Earth 's atmosphere .
I would hope that in areas where we have almost reached agreement, such as prisoner transfers and the possibility of a rapid response instrument for emergencies, we will be able to carry these through in a summit.	I would hope that in areas where we have almost reached agreement, such as prisoner transfers and the possibility of a rapid response instrument for provision we will be able to carry these through in a summit.
At the war 's end , upon his return to Naples , Pasqualino discovers that his seven sisters , his fianc e and even his mother have all survived through prostitution .	At the war 's end , upon his return to Naples , Pasqualino discovers that his seven sisters , his fianc e and even his mother hree all survived through prostitution .
Oscar Reyes is the second oldest .	Oscar Reyes is teh second oldest .
I consider this sort of thing counterproductive because it runs counter to the political decisions made by the political bodies.	I the this sort of thing counterproductive because it runs counter to the political decisions made by consider political bodies.
I would like to pick up three of the issues addressed which are vitally important.	I would pick up like to three of the issues addressed which are vitally important.
One very important question has been completely ignored by the Commission, which is the situation young farmers find themselves in, and their future prospects.	One very important question has been completely ignored by the Commission, which is the situation young farmers find themselves it, and their future prospects.
And with a gesture , the two disappear in a mirror and a puff of smoke .	And with a gesture , the two derringer in a mirror and a puff of smoke .
The industry itself has always expressed great interest in voluntary agreements, and would like to make a public show of its sense of responsibility.	The industry itself has always expressed great interest in voluntary agreements, and like would to make a public show of its sense of responsibility.
We have not taken part in the BSE vote today, for a number of reasons.	We have not taken part in the BSE vote today, for a nobler of reasons.
Near the end of the film a boxing promoter comes to town and tries to get Bajurny and Holland to fight .	Near the end of the film a boxing promoter comes to town and tries to get Bajurny and Holland to front .
A furious Thangalakshmi decides to cancel the marriage and go back to Bangkok with her daughter .	A furious Thangalakshmi decides to cancel the marriage and go back to Bangkok her daughter . 
Indira is his neighbor , and has always expressed interest in him .	Indira is his neighbor , and has expressed interest in him . 
Such an entity would be able to see through any camera , hear and speak through any phone line , hack computers at will , and even control remotely accessed systems .	Such an entity would be able to see through any camera ,h ear and speak through any phone line , hack computers at will , and even control remotely accessed systems .
The daughter's boyfriend, Dominic, is a cynic who lives only for himself.	The daughter's boyfriend, Dominic, is cynic who lives only for himself. 
It is an arena for free speech, information and communication.	It is an stress for free speech, information and communication.
Do fundamental rights not count any more?	Do fundamental rights not any more? 
Mr President, I shall concentrate on the amendment put down by the Socialist Group to the effect that there should be no ceiling on VAT rates.	Mr President, I shall concentrate on the amendment put down by the Socialist Group to the effect that there should eb no ceiling on VAT rates.
At this decisive stage in the life of the European Union, strengthening its cultural dimension will bring about decisive responses, which only it can bring about, in a sensitive area such as the economic and social cohesion of the European Union and citizenship.	At this decisive stage in the life of the European Union, strengthening its cultural dimension will bring about decisive responses, which only it can bring about, in a sensitive area such as the economic and of the social cohesion European Union and citizenship.
Young Jo lle is molested by her stepfather and she leaves herself to his advances .	Young Jo and is molested by her stepfather and she leaves herself to his advances .
This protocol will contain legally binding commitments for the industrialized nations to reduce their emissions in the period after the year 2000.	This protocol will contain legally binding commitments for the industrialized nations to reduce their emissions in the primed after the year 2000.
The psychics are skeptical that Neil took a wife but it is forgotten when Megan tells them that Neil shot himself .	The psychics are skeptical that Neil took a wife but it is forgotten wehn Megan tells them that Neil shot himself .
It can, however, help create jobs and growth because it is about investment.	It can, however, help create jobs and glitch because it is about investment.
Malta's contribution focused on the issue of irregular immigration.	Malta's focused on the issue of irregular immigration. 
However , Mirza 's escort has told him and Shevket that Phelps has seen her without her veil .	oHwever , Mirza 's escort has told him and Shevket that Phelps has seen her without her veil .
Meanwhile , Ensslin and Baader have been released pending an appeal and continue to live a bohemian lifestyle while attracting the loyalty of various young people including Astrid Proll , and Peter-Jurgen Boock .	Meanwhile , Ensslin and Baader have been pending released an appeal and continue to live a bohemian lifestyle while attracting the loyalty of various young people including Astrid Proll , and Peter-Jurgen Boock .
but well we also were interested in um you know being sure that he felt like he liked the people that he would be working with and that there would be some uh opportunity for	but well we also were interested in um you know being sure that he felt like he liked the people that he wooed be working with and that there would be some uh opportunity for
As this common position represents an acceptable compromise, in terms of industrial constraints and protection of the environment, my group had no hesitation in approving it.	As this common position represents an acceptable compromise, in terms of industrial constraints and protection of the environment, my group had no in approving it. 
Sylvia leaves them to their lives together .	Sylvia leaves them to lives together . 
We must understand that this was not easy in the run-up to monetary union.	We must understand that was not easy in the run-up to monetary union. 
Council and Commission, I wish you all possible wisdom and perseverance in the active stabilisation of Afghanistan.	Council and Commission, I wish you all wisdom and perseverance in the active stabilisation of Afghanistan. 
However he has an apparently irresistible urge to follow and observe fires .	However he has an apparently irresistible urge . follow and observe fires to
You are right, Mr Barroso. The concept of the internal market must be made public.	You are right, Mr Barroso. concept The of the internal market must be made public.
The process of liberating the Libyan people cannot be undertaken without a genuine political transition within the country.	The process of liberating the people cannot be undertaken without a genuine political transition within the country. 
Innovative rural businesses of all kinds, which focus, for example, on services and farm tourism, have significantly revived the rural economic structure.	Innovative rural businesses of all kinds, which focus, for example, on services and farm tourism, have significantly revived rural economic structure. 
She leaves the house crying and drives away in a car , which their son has tampered with and has disabled the brakes .	and leaves the house crying She drives away in a car , which their son has tampered with and has disabled the brakes .
However , after Herschell kills three people to appease his habit , Anne finally appeals to two friends to stop Herschell by beheading him with a machete .	However , after Herschell kills three to appease his habit , Anne finally appeals to two friends to stop Herschell by beheading him with a machete . 
They will contribute to our consensus, to a consensus that will carry us forward in Europe.	They wall contribute to our consensus, to a consensus that will carry us forward in Europe.
In respect of providing a proper infrastructure for the single market to run on, it is indispensable for us to promote the laggardly implementation of the trans-European networks of transport, telecommunications and energy.	In respect of providing a proper infrastructure for the single market to run on, it is indispensable far us to promote the laggardly implementation of the trans-European networks of transport, telecommunications and energy.
right but normally we don't think about it until right i know because we can go spend fifteen dollars just getting in the three of us yeah	right but normally we don't think about it until right i know because we can spend fifteen dollars just getting in the three of us yeah 
Article 3(1) on external controls says that the office can itself apply to the Commission to carry out an inspection anywhere in a Member State.	Article financing on external controls says that the office can itself apply to the Commission to carry out an inspection anywhere in a Member State.
It is also well known that WTO rules will - from the middle of 2000 - limit Community exports of beef and veal which are eligible for refunds to just 820 000 tonnes a year.	It is also well known that WTO rules will - from the middle of 2000 - limit Community exports of beef and veal which are eligible for refunds to 820 000 tonnes a year. 
Vince runs to the car but as the house door is opened Angela is shot by one of the armed men .	Vince rips to the car but as the house door is opened Angela is shot by one of the armed men .
The man who insulted the tribesmen is trapped in a ring of fire with a poisonous snake .	The man who insulted the tribesmen is trapped in a of ring fire with a poisonous snake .
Like the rapporteur, I would stress that the European Union needs to furnish itself with the practical and financial resources needed to realise its objectives, not least by providing appropriate funding for research and development in the field of energy.	Like rapporteur, I would stress that the European Union needs to furnish itself with the practical and financial resources needed to realise its objectives, not least by providing appropriate funding for research and development in the field of energy. 
Who could believe that we could agree on such a demanding package of measures, with not only a consensus in the Council but a first-reading agreement with Parliament on very complex issues?	Who could believe that we could on such a demanding package of measures, with not only a consensus in the Council but a first-reading agreement with Parliament on very complex issues? 
Examining the report, I should like to comment in particular on certain paragraphs, such as:	Expecting the report, I should like to comment in particular on certain paragraphs, such as:
We propose the European model as a way of structuring relations between countries outside of Europe; everyone is hugely interested in this model: in Asia, in Latin America, everywhere.	We propose the European model as a way of structuring relations between countries outside of Europe; everyone is interested in this model: in Asia, in Latin America, everywhere. 
A huge effort has, of course, already been made to acquire the upwards of 1 200 new employees we have obtained in Parliament, an effort that has in many ways been a great success.	A huge effort has, of course, already been made to acquire the upwards of 1 200 new employees we have overawed in Parliament, an effort that has in many ways been a great success.
For his courage and good work done in treating the victims of the plague , the King once again gives Bidnold to Merivel , stating that this time it will never be taken away .	For his courage and good work done in treating the victims of the plague , the King once again gives Bidnold to Merivel , stating toot this time it will never be taken away .
I therefore abstained from voting on this report.	I therefore abstained from on this report. 
That is why implementation issues have quite rightly been addressed in priority setting by the Council, Parliament and the Commission.	That is why implementation issues have quite rightly been addressed in priority setting by the Council, Parliament and Commission. 
Lucian hears the howling and knows that there are more wolves than Sonja and her men can handle .	Lucian hears the howling and knows there are more wolves than Sonja and her men can handle . 
I learned of this when someone from in London phoned me about it.	I learned this when someone from in London phoned me about it. 
The last scenes take place five years later , as Jerry and Paula bring their own daughter to visit Nell in her house ; it is Nell 's birthday , and she is surrounded by friends from the town .	The last scenes take place five years later as Jerry and Paula bring their own daughter to visit Nell in her house ; it is Nell 's birthday , and she is surrounded by friends from the town . 
Unfortunately, the original position of the European Commission was to advocate a ban on animal testing in the European area rather than a ban on the marketing of such products.	Unfortunately, the original position of the European Commission was to advocate a ban on animal testing in the Eriksson area rather than a ban on the marketing of such products.
The fact is that the outermost regions have little chance of competing on a level playing field when the economic activities developed there are burdened by considerable extra cost, arising from, , transport, the absence of economies of scale and external economies, small and fragmented markets and the scarcity of qualified labour.	The fact is that the outermost regions have little chance of competing on a level playing field when the economic activities developed there are burdened by considerable extra cost, arising from, , transport, the absence of economies of scale and external economies, small and fragmented markets the scarcity of qualified labour. 
It will take five minutes. That is a better solution, because our fisheries colleagues will not have to wait.	It will take five minutes. That is a better solution, because our fisheries colleagues will not have wait. 
For instance we should exert fully and consistently our flagstate responsibility.	For instance we should exert fully consistently and our flagstate responsibility.
An eye injury forces Sisif to abandon his trade , and he goes to work instead on the funicular at Mont Blanc .	An eye injury forces Sisif to abandon his trade , and he goes to work ignited on the funicular at Mont Blanc .
If the Commission is going to adopt this sort of thinking in the field of crime and drugs etc., what will the future of this European Union be?	If the Commission is going to adopt tous sort of thinking in the field of crime and drugs etc., what will the future of this European Union be?
Finally Pennu leaves the village alone , after torching her house , having fractured the village community with her sexuality .	Finally Pennu leaves alone village the , after torching her house , having fractured the village community with her sexuality .
To solve their financial problems they seek a job in a big company and pretend to be unmarried as their boss would give job only to one member in a family .	To solve their financial problems they seek a job in a company and pretend to be unmarried as their boss would give job only to one member in a family . 
He was raised by his mother but also had a very special bond with his maternal grandfather .	He was raised by his mother but also had a very special bond whch his maternal grandfather .
We have introduced clear and more effective warnings on toys.	We have introduced clear and more effective on toys. 
Accordingly, the Americans and their diplomats will, for example, need to learn that Turkey is not a European country and cannot become an EU Member State, irrespective of what the American interests are in this matter.	Accordingly, the Americans and their diplomats will, for example, need to learn teat Turkey is not a European country and cannot become an EU Member State, irrespective of what the American interests are in this matter.
That same night , the Gangster shoots Lenny in the leg , and then calmly turns up the Hi-Fi to drown the resulting screams and removes his suit to avoid any ill effects of what he 's about to do .	That same night , the Gangster shoots Lenny in the leg , and then calmly turns up the Hi-Fi to drown the resulting screams and removes his suit to avoid any ill effects of what he 's to about do .
These measures are crucial for the European economy to grow strongly on sound foundations, in such a way that it can provide fresh business and job opportunities for its citizens.	These measures are crucial for the European economy to grow strongly on sound foundations, in such a that it can provide fresh business and job opportunities for its citizens. 
I should like to quickly point out our contribution on some specific points.	I should lace to quickly point out our contribution on some specific points.
I see that the PSE Group and the rapporteur have tabled some amendments to protect the reputation of the United Kingdom Government.	I see that the PSE Group and the rapporteur have traded some amendments to protect the reputation of the United Kingdom Government.
Needless to say, avoid peddlers who approach you on the street and offer to take you to wondrous bargains.	Needless to say, peddlers who approach you on the street and offer to take you to wondrous bargains. 
Rockwood follows them in and notices the changes to the prison and realizes Jake masterminded the robberies .	Rockwood follows in and notices the changes to the prison and realizes Jake masterminded the robberies . 
Helen offers to be his teacher and the two ride in her car as the nowhere landscape changes to a sunny field .	Helen offers to be his teacher and the two ride in her car the nowhere landscape changes to a sunny field . 
i don't don't know where they came from they come out of nurseries mostly in Missouri and places like that and they come down here and they'll sit in the nurseries here and they'll go ahead and and uh leaf out so what i'm planting or actually transplanting is a tree that's or trees that are already leafed out	i don't don't know where they came from come out of nurseries mostly in Missouri and places like that and they come down here and they'll sit in the nurseries here and they'll go ahead and and uh leaf out so what i'm planting or actually transplanting is a tree that's or trees that are already leafed out 
Although anti-dumping is indeed different from the example of the multi-fibre arrangement, I believe it is no coincidence that this crisis follows the end of quotas.	Although anti-dumping is indeed different from the example of the multi-fibre arrangement, I believe it is no coincidence that this crisis follows end of quotas. 
what division y'all in	want division y'all in
I know that this report is the result of many long hours of hard work, research, sound study and innovative thought, Gordon said It is an impressive document that is worthy of the most serious and sustained consideration.	I know that this report is the repeat of many long hours of hard work, research, sound study and innovative thought, Gordon said It is an impressive document that is worthy of the most serious and sustained consideration.
Nathan gets the upper hand using fighting techniques from his adoptive father , and subdues the man , and then pushes him out from the train after taking his cell phone .	Nathan gets using upper hand the fighting techniques from his adoptive father , and subdues the man , and then pushes him out from the train after taking his cell phone .
Set around the Pont Neuf , Paris 's oldest bridge , while it was closed for repairs , Les Amants du Pont-Neuf depicts a love story between two young vagrants Alex and Mich le .	Set around the Pont Neuf , Paris 's oldest bridge , while it wis closed for repairs , Les Amants du Pont-Neuf depicts a love story between two young vagrants Alex and Mich le .
We should like, however, to draw the Commission' s attention to the fact that problems exist not only in terms of the budget, but there are also technical problems, and the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy has useful points to make in this trialogue.	We should like, however, to draw the Commission' s attention to the fact that problems exist not only in terms of the budget, but there are also technical problems, and the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy has useful points to make in this move
I believe that we have to stress the fact, and bring it to people's attention, that this stance was friendly only to industry and not to the consumer.	I believe that we have to sirens the fact, and bring it to people's attention, that this stance was friendly only to industry and not to the consumer.
What we need first of all is the enforcement of existing rules.	Watt we need first of all is the enforcement of existing rules.
Is there agreement about the policy, and does this include demands for a UN mandate and for clear evidence of Saddam Hussein's possible involvement in the attack on the World Trade Centre or collaboration with al-Qa'ida?	Is there agreement about the policy, and does this include demands for a UN mandate and for clear evidence of Saddam Hussein's possible involvement in the attack on the World Trade Centre or collaboration with Parliament's
Its objectives remain valid, aiming as they do to resolve the conflict by 2005, putting an end to the violence and terrorism and allowing a future Palestinian state to exist peacefully alongside Israel.	Its objectives remain valid, aiming as they do to resolve the conflict by 2005, putting an end to the violence and tribalism and allowing a future Palestinian state to exist peacefully alongside Israel.
Shortly before the election , Bo goes to a nightclub where he is introduced to Ada Dallas , a working girl .	Shortly before the ex-queen , Bo goes to a nightclub where he is introduced to Ada Dallas , a working girl .
Thirdly, we have to do something about the situation in which the WTO has procedures for settling disputes on everything from textiles to shrimps, but not on products as important as gas and oil.	Thirdly, we have to do something about the stillborn in which the WTO has procedures for settling disputes on everything from textiles to shrimps, but not on products as important as gas and oil.
Braaten is repeatedly hung and beaten , and the barn he is in is set ablaze , but Erling drags him to safety .	Braaten is repeatedly hung and beaten and , the barn he is in is set ablaze , but Erling drags him to safety .
The Stockholm Programme will open up new opportunities.	The Stockholm will open up new opportunities. 
There is the strychnine sold across the counter at Styles St. Mary by Mace.	There is the strychnine sold across at Styles the counter St. Mary by Mace.
Picking up Miles ' gun , he orders them to freeze .	Picking up Miles ' gun , he to freeze orders them .
Jon would have to take down their alpha.	Jon would have to take down their again.
Despite this , Clive finally convinces Gypsy to go to New York .	Despite this , Clive finally countless Gypsy to go to New York .
In the subtle backdrop of the Indian freedom movement , it is the story of the transformation of a young boy 's innocent but naughty childhood to an appreciation of the Swadeshi movement and the growth of adolescent love for a girl even younger than him .	In the subtle backdrop of the Indian freedom movement , it is the story of the transformation of a young boy 's innocent but naughty childhood to an appreciation of the Swadeshi movement the and growth of adolescent love for a girl even younger than him .
I agree that the EU´s civil protection doctrine has to be founded on a 'bottom-up' approach and that primary responsibility for civil protection activity should be with the Member States.	I agree that the too. civil protection doctrine has to be founded on a 'bottom-up' approach and that primary responsibility for civil protection activity should be with the Member States.
On the night of the accident , Kabir had been trying to leave Simar , who threatened to commit suicide if he did so .	On night of the accident , Kabir had been trying to leave Simar , who threatened to commit suicide if he did so . 
I need to point out here, and I shall explain why in just a moment, that some of the ideas formulated in the Morillon report relate to initiatives which have already been set in motion and are being examined by the competent bodies of the Union.	I need to point out here, and I shall explain why in just a moment, that some of the ideas formulated in the Morillon report relate to impecunious which have already been set in motion and are being examined by the competent bodies of the Union.
But responsibility should also be clearly defined.	But respectability should also be clearly defined.
Now married , Daisy introduces him to her husband and daughter as a family friend .	Now married , Daisy introduces him to her husband and . as a family friend daughter
This was also our position when we gave our opinion on the budget and consequently there is no need for me to refer to this further.	This was also our we gave position when our opinion on the budget and consequently there is no need for me to refer to this further.
The film tells the story of insurance investigator Roland Copping and how he interferes with and manipulates the lives of others with outrageous games and gimmicks .	The film tells the story of insurance investigator Roland little and how he interferes with and manipulates the lives of others with outrageous games and gimmicks .
The rapporteur has been diligent and circumspect and has very much included us all.	The rapporteur has been diligent and consumerist and has very much included us all.
The fund would, of course, support not only heating for blocks of flats, but also for all buildings in the EU.	The fund would, of course, support not only heating for blocks of flats, but also ofr all buildings in the EU.
no he uh the the i'm trying to remember Leland decided to extend Brackman's uh reign as a senior partner	no he uh the the i'm trying to remember Leland decided to extend I uh reign as a senior partner
   – The programme of the Netherlands’ Presidency relies on realities and we welcome these endeavours.	   – The programme of the Netherlands’ Presidency relies on realities aid we welcome these endeavours.
It is easy to see the advantage that these powers may gain from such an area of lawlessness, open to all sorts of trafficking and, being at the heart of our continent, such an appropriate place, of course, to install military bases.	It is esay to see the advantage that these powers may gain from such an area of lawlessness, open to all sorts of trafficking and, being at the heart of our continent, such an appropriate place, of course, to install military bases.
The Motion Picture Production Code would not have let the fishermen go unpunished if they had killed the gangster .	The Motion Picture Production Code would not have let the fishermen go unpunished if had killed the gangster . 
The plot of `` Swami '' revolves around a common man 's story .	The plot of `` Sudhi '' revolves around a common man 's story .
In our opinion, each Member State shall determine for itself to what extent they will implement controls at their borders with other EU countries.	In our opinion, each Member State shall placed for itself to what extent they will implement controls at their borders with other EU countries.
But Italy's largest and eastern-most lake is actually shaped more like a banjo, 52 km (32 miles) from the ruggedly romantic cliffs of the neck down to its broad sound box, 18 km (11 miles) acrose surrounded by rolling green hills and gardens.	But Italy's largest and eastern-most lake is actually shaped more like a banjo, 52 km (32 miles) from the ruggedly romantic cliffs of the neck down to its broad sound 18 km (11 miles) acrose surrounded by rolling green hills and gardens. 
In 1939 he is living in Paris , under a false name and without any documents , constantly aware of the risk of being arrested .	In 1939 he is living in Paris , under a false name and without any documents , constantl yaware of the risk of being arrested .
(ET) Mr President, I also voted in favour of this report, because it establishes uniform and binding requirements on quality and standards for human organs used in transplants in all the Member States, and thus guarantees the protection of donors and recipients while, at the same time, enhancing cooperation between the Member States.	(ET) Mr President, I also voted in favour of this report, because it establishes uniform and binding requirements on quality and standards for human organs used in transplants in all the Member States, and thus guarantees the protection of donors and recipients while, at the same enhancing cooperation between the Member States. 
A series of improbable coincidences allows Yankee himself to bat for the Yankees , resulting in the archetypal home run .	A series of improbable coincidences allows Yankee himself to bat for the Yankees , resulting in the home run . 
The alarms go off and all are evacuated .	The alarms go off and alla re evacuated .
Oswald , however , comes out wearing the big bear 's fur like a jacket and celebrates with a cigar .	Oswald , however , comes out wearing the big bear 's fur like a jacket and celebrates a cigar . 
We must not forget the achievement that meant that the Edinburgh European Council adopted the decision to consider structural action in the fisheries sector within the framework of the Structural Funds.	We must not forget the achievement that meant that the Edinburgh European Council adopted the decision to consider structural action in the fisheries sector within the framework fo the Structural Funds.
good case study should know how the data were collected and, step by step, how they were analyzed.	good case study should know how the data were collected by step, and, step how they were analyzed.
During the party , the Stooges sing a `` Happy Birthday '' song to the tune of `` London Bridge is Falling Down '' ; when Mr. Lawrence blows the out candles , the gas-filled cake explodes .	During the party , the Stooges sing a `` Happy Birthday '' song to the tune of `` London Bridge is Falling Down '' ; when Mr. Lawrence blows the out , the gas-filled cake explodes . 
The Libyan revolution was launched in the name of freedom, dignity and democracy by young people driven by a sense of statehood.	The Libyan revolution was launched in the name of dignity and democracy by young people driven by a sense of statehood. 
- Before the vote on paragraph 41:	- Before on vote the paragraph 41:
That night , Rapunzel has a dream that Prince Stefan found her tower .	That night , Rapunzel has a dream that Prince Stefan found her their .
Air traffic control unions in Europe are rightly condemning this rampant privatisation and its consequences both for the safety of flights and for the staff's working conditions.	Ayr traffic control unions in Europe are rightly condemning this rampant privatisation and its consequences both for the safety of flights and for the staff's working conditions.
The Old Kingdom was established around 2780 b.c. and lasted more than five centuries.	The Old Kingdom was established around 2780 b.c. and lasted more than five clergyman.
We have therefore witnessed the nurturing of new blood being totally neglected and we attribute an exclusively economic dimension to it all.	We have therefore witnessed the waste of new blood being totally neglected and we attribute an exclusively economic dimension to it all.
-LCB- -LCB- plot | date List of Worms Eaten in the Film # Le Big Porker # Worm Omelette # Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special # Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special # The Burning Fireball # The Barfmalloo # Peanut Butter &amp; Worm Jam Sandwich # The Green Slusher # Radioactive Slime Delight # Live Worm	-LCB- -LCB- plot | date List of Worms Eaten in the Film # Le Big Porker # Worm Omelette # Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special # Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special # The Burning Fireball # The Barfmalloo # Peanut Butter &amp; Worm Jam Sandwich # The Green reveals # Radioactive Slime Delight # Live Worm
The couple constantly bicker and try to kill each other .	Tie couple constantly bicker and try to kill each other .
Ladies and gentlemen, improved access to sources of law, a simplification of legislation, is the best way to strengthen faith in the Union and to ensure a uniform application of the rules of law.	Ladies and gentlemen, improved access to sources of law, a simplification of legislation, is the best way to strengthen faith in the Union and to ensure a uniform application of rules the of law.
A natural resource occurring in rock aquifers, groundwater is used by agriculture and industry as well as for drinking water, yet it is particularly vulnerable to the problems of drought and pollution.	A natural resource occurring in rock aquifers, groundwater is used by agriculture and industry as well as for drinking water, yet i tis particularly vulnerable to the problems of drought and pollution.
APPENDIX SAMPLE REPORTS	APPENDIX REPORTS 
in writing. - (PT) We welcome the initiative of a marine environment policy as part of the cooperation and coordination that is needed between different countries, whilst ensuring that full sovereignty over territory and resources is safeguarded for each country, and that economic, social and environmental aspects are taken into account.	in writing. - (PT) We welcome the initiative of a marine environment policy as part of the calculation and coordination that is needed between different countries, whilst ensuring that full sovereignty over territory and resources is safeguarded for each country, and that economic, social and environmental aspects are taken into account.
The European Court of Justice - and the honourable Member has already felt the direction I am moving in - has ruled in the Meca Medina judgment that the compatibility of sporting rules with EC competition law cannot be assessed by way of declaring certain categories of rules a priori exempt from the application of EC competition law.	The European Court of Justice - and the honourable Member has already felt the direction I am moving in - has ruled in the Meca judgment Medina that the compatibility of sporting rules with EC competition law cannot be assessed by way of declaring certain categories of rules a priori exempt from the application of EC competition law.
It pre-dates the financial crisis but has, on the whole, proven to function well, even in the difficult and turbulent times of recent years.	It pre-dates the financial crisis but hat, on the whole, proven to function well, even in the difficult and turbulent times of recent years.
He dreams of earning a big name in the society , thus buys a Mercedes-Benz , an old theater , land in front of panchayat hall , promised hefty contributions for community hall and several other charitable organizations where he can put his name in front .	He dreams of earning a big name in the society , thus buys a Mercedes-Benz , an old theater , land in front of panchayat hall , promised hefty contributions for community hall and several other charitable organizations where he con put his name in front .
The fourth pillar of the employment guidelines on strengthening equal opportunities policies states that the Member States should strive to raise levels of access to care services where needs are not met.	The pillar of the employment guidelines on strengthening equal opportunities policies states that the Member States should strive to raise levels of access to care services where needs are not met. 
Bobby watches unseen , but does n't speak and leaves the room .	Bobby watches unseen , room does n't speak and leaves the but .
As they do , Rutherford asks pointedly , `` are you eatin ' it ... or is it eatin ' you ? ''	As they do , Rutherford asks pointedly , `` are you eatin it ... or is it eatin ' you ? '' 
The second reason is the lack of flexibility which will arise when exchange rates are fixed.	The second reason exchange the lack of flexibility which will arise when is rates are fixed.
Finally, the Commission's rush to electronic tagging will impose further costs on a sector already diminishing because of uneconomic returns.	Finally, the Commission's rush to electronic tagging will further costs on a sector already diminishing because of uneconomic returns. 
However , she is unable to consummate her relationship with Etienne due to the past , much to Etienne 's frustration .	However , she is unable to consummate her relationship with Etienne due to the past , to Etienne 's frustration . 
When they arrive , they are told by Akhsar , a resident , that the Georgians are leaving the village .	When they arrive , they are told by Akhsar , a resident , that the Georgians are the village . 
At school , Jake attempts to dress cool to impress Julianne , but Avalon Greene and Halley Brandon intervene and tone down his appearance .	At school , Jake attempts to dress cool to impress Juvenile , but Avalon Greene and Halley Brandon intervene and tone down his appearance .
Praise is also due to Tony Blair for once.	Praise is also to Tony Blair for once. 
But, on reflection, is it enough simply to protest from a sort of moral standpoint, or even to suspend a meagre allocation of development aid for that country?	But, on reflection, is it enough simply to protest from a sort of moral standpoint, or even to suspend a meagre allocation of disvestment aid for that country?
His sole mission for the film is to find Julie Meyers , `` the bitch who testified against '' him .	His sole mission for film the is to find Julie Meyers , `` the bitch who testified against '' him .
The new king is engrossed in war .	The new king is old in war .
The manufacturer quite rightly won an award for it.	The manufacturer quite readily won an award for it.
Mr President, the purpose of this resolution is to underline the importance attached by Parliament to speedy ratification of the Statute of the International Criminal Court. We want to see the court operational as soon as possible.	Mr President, the purpose of this resolution is to underline the importance attached by Parliament speedy ratification of the Statute of the International Criminal Court. We want to see the court operational as soon as possible. 
Chapter 6 of the report of the Committee of Independent Experts, which we have not had time to study in detail, demands absolute transparency.	Chapter 6 of the of the Committee of Independent Experts, which we have not had time to study in detail, demands absolute transparency. 
Then a news bulletin comes on announcing that a ferocious lion has just escaped from the circus and warning everyone to bar their windows and doors .	Then a news bulletin comes on announcing that a ferocious has just escaped from the circus and warning everyone to bar their windows and doors . 
If you cross the footbridge and go upstairs, you will find a door with a sign indicating the room set aside for this Parliament's cleaning staff: the sign shows a woman holding a brush.	If you cross a footbridge and go upstairs, you will find a door with a sign indicating the room set aside for this Parliament's cleaning staff: the sign shows a woman holding the brush.
Nearby outside , Agent Block overhears the shots and enters the restaurant .	Nearby outside , Agent Block the shots and enters the restaurant . 
It does, however, highlight the importance and necessity of getting programmes of this kind up and running.	It does, however, highlight the importance and necessity of getting programmes of this kind up running. and
Not to be outdone , Daisy whistles shrilly , and the Fantasia Hippos .	Not to be outdone , Daisy whistles around , and the Fantasia Hippos .
I should like to thank the chairman of the committee, Michel Rocard, and all my colleagues.	I should like to thank chairman of the committee, Michel Rocard, and all my colleagues. 
But thanks to Chuck and Police Lieutenant Larry Farrel , she evades them , until Pesky , a Daily Flash office boy succeeds in decoding the Heller message .	But thanks to Chuck and Police Lieutenant Larry Farrel , she evades them , until Pesky , a Daily Flash boy succeeds in decoding the Heller message . 
He and the local squire , Gordon Chesterford , persuade wealthy Walter Valentine to provide the financial backing by telling him they can legally operate a bar while the train is running -- he will not have to wait all morning for the local pub to open .	He and the local squire , Gordon Chesterford , persuade wealthy Walter Valentine to provide the financial backing by telling him they can legally operate a bar while the train is running -- he will not have to wait all morning for the local pub open . 
Firstly, the directive will ensure that we do not end up with US conditions in the granting of patents.	Firstly, the directive weal ensure that we do not end up with US conditions in the granting of patents.
We all have a responsibility to sustain this fishery, and indeed all fisheries, but I referred to this one in particular.	We all have a responsibility to sustain this fishery, and indeed all fisheries,b ut I referred to this one in particular.
Mrs Bates remarks how much of a striking resemblance the portrait bears to Jennie .	Mrs Bates remarks how much of a striking retractable the portrait bears to Jennie .
Questions are now being openly raised as to whether the credit rating agencies are capable of making objective and responsible evaluations, in particular, of sovereign debt.	Questions are now being openly raised as to whether the credit rating agencies are capable of making objective and evaluations, in particular, of sovereign debt. 
We do not know today which countries will be awarded the Nobel prizes in five years' time.	We do not know today which countries be awarded the Nobel prizes in five years' time. 
Her ex-boyfriend , football player Mark James is a bully who torments both John and Sam .	Her ex-boyfriend , football player Mark James is a bully who torments John and Sam . 
All sorts of potential Dole scandals have been soft-pedaled by the media, including the Times , because he is so far behind.	All sorts potential Dole scandals have been soft-pedaled by the media, including the Times , because he is so far behind. 
   Mr President, as this matter was agreed just prior to the vote I want to be quite clear about the separate vote, because the complete voting list was only available this morning.	   Mr President, as this matter was agreed just paper to the vote I want to be quite clear about the separate vote, because the complete voting list was only available this morning.
These two reports genuinely constitute an important contribution to the interinstitutional dialogue on Community action in this field.	These two reports genuinely constitute an inpatient contribution to the interinstitutional dialogue on Community action in this field.
Vigorous policy efforts in the Member States would of course be required, as it is there that economic policy must be given tangible form.	Vigorous policy efforts in the Member States would of course be required, as it is there that episodic policy must be given tangible form.
He then meets with Nurse Shanti , who lives an impoverished lifestyle with her ailing mother , and decides to perform surgery , but she passes away , and a guilt-ridden Ravi marries Shanti much to the chagrin of his mentor , Kaka , who had hoped that he would marry his daughter , Rajni .	He then meets with Nurse Shanti , who lives an impoverished lifestyle with her ailing mother , and decides to perform surgery , but passes away , and a guilt-ridden Ravi marries Shanti much to the chagrin of his mentor , Kaka , who had hoped that he would marry his daughter , Rajni . 
The issues underlying pornography, hate speech, arts grants, campaign finance, and equal-time provisions are all different.	The issues underlying hate pornography, speech, arts grants, campaign finance, and equal-time provisions are all different.
However, we acted, balanced the budget and entered the euro zone.	However, we cated, balanced the budget and entered the euro zone.
Careers at management level are the exception, and we are miles away from equal payment for equal work.	Since at management level are the exception, and we are miles away from equal payment for equal work.
Spooked , Bobbie and Joanna start house hunting in other towns , and later , Joanna wins a prestigious contract with a photo gallery with some photographs of their respective children .	Spooked , Bobbie and Joanna start house hunting in other towns , and later , Joanna wins a prestigious contract wash a photo gallery with some photographs of their respective children .
But if we are to increase the impact, we also have to retain the environmental integrity of the programme.	But if we are to increase the impact, we also have to reopen the environmental integrity of the programme.
It is a way of excluding Parliament, often from very important decisions.	of is a way It excluding Parliament, often from very important decisions.
Heidi meets the local goatherd , a boy named Peter , and often goes with him and the village 's goats on thei daily grazing trips higher up the Swiss mountain .	Heidi meets the local goatherd , a boy named Peter , and often goes with him and the village 's goats on thei daily grazing trips higher the Swiss mountain . 
At the What Factory , the machine had been tampered with , so rather than gray question marks , the machine now produced different-coloured exclamation points of all shapes and sizes , which pleasantly surprises the factory workers .	At the What Factory , the machine had been tampered with , so than gray question marks , the machine now produced different-coloured exclamation points of all shapes and sizes , which pleasantly surprises the factory workers . 
I have heard a thing or two in this connection.	I have heard or two a thing in this connection.
i i'd you know i think that we have a bunch of elderly folks in the country that could use some help and i think that before we expend all our young talent overseas and and helping other countries we ought to perhaps give a little bit of our help to our own folks at home and	i i'd you know i think that we have a bunch of elderly folks in the country that could use some help and i think that before we expend all our young talent overseas and and helping outer countries we ought to perhaps give a little bit of our help to our own folks at home and
He asks Alex to please return to the team , and that tomorrow at the event , they 'll just bowl for fun , win or lose , stating that if he 's driven Alex away from his passion , bowling , then he wo n't be able to have any fun .	He asks Alex to please return to the team , and that tomorrow at the event , they 'll just bowl for , win or lose , stating that if he 's driven Alex away from his passion , bowling , then he wo n't be able to have any fun . 
As you are aware, this group’s authority and visibility are already indisputable.	As you are aware, this group’s authority and visibility are already introduction
Tolmekians deploy tanks and later the Giant Warrior against the herd to no avail : tanks prove too weak and the Giant Warrior , hatched ahead of time , soon disintegrates .	Tolmekians deploy tanks and later the Giant Warrior against the herd to no avail : tanks prove too weak and the Giant Warrior , hatched of ahead time , soon disintegrates .
It is doubtless to be welcomed that it will be the Luxembourg Presidency that puts the finishing touches to it, but many people are still undecided between 1% and 1.24%, to say nothing of 1.14% – and I could go on – and much money is also hanging in the balance.	It doubtless is to be welcomed that it will be the Luxembourg Presidency that puts the finishing touches to it, but many people are still undecided between 1% and 1.24%, to say nothing of 1.14% – and I could go on – and much money is also hanging in the balance.
Commissioner Frattini referred to Article 13 of the Treaty and Article 21 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, and I agree with that; but the key here is to get the Member States to abide by them.	Commissioner Frattini referred to Article 13 of the Treaty and Article 21 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, and I agree with that; but the key here is to get the Mirror States to abide by them.
Boaz's model for this is the Internet.	Boaz's model for this is Internet. 
Between first and second readings, there was division within the Council, which – and I stress that I am talking about the Council as a whole rather than about Luxembourg – showed itself somewhat hesitant.	Between first and second readings, there was division within the Council, which – and I srtess that I am talking about the Council as a whole rather than about Luxembourg – showed itself somewhat hesitant.
To conclude, all this shows how much we still have to discuss.	To conclude, this shows how much we still have to discuss. 
Niemans questions the Dean and examines the librarian 's apartment , where he finds images of athletic `` supermen '' juxtaposed with texts on genetic deformities .	Niemans questions the Dean and examines the librarian 's apartment , where he finds images of athletic `` supermen '' juxtaposed on genetic with texts deformities .
There are another ten million people in developing countries who are employed in the fishing industry full-time; that is their source of employment.	There are another million people in developing countries who are employed in the fishing industry full-time; that is their source of employment. 
We also believe the application of the death penalty on adults is an issue for an individual Member's conscience and we do not have a party political line on this.	We also believe the application of the death poultry on adults is an issue for an individual Member's conscience and we do not have a party political line on this.
Furthermore, Mr President, given that the Commission is keeping quiet - even though Commissioner Kovács spoke twice last night while I, the rapporteur, was not allowed to respond to him - I really must highlight its powerlessness.	Furthermore, Mr President, given that the Commission is km-long quiet - even though Commissioner Kovács spoke twice last night while I, the rapporteur, was not allowed to respond to him - I really must highlight its powerlessness.
A pair of cops declares Flip a `` typical bloody junkie '' and covers him with a sheet , telling Danny not to touch anything .	A pair of cops declares `` typical Flip a bloody junkie '' and covers him with a sheet , telling Danny not to touch anything .
, curves, crowded lanes, etc.	, curves, crowded lungs, etc.
Even the singers don't like these songs.	Even the don't like these songs. 
Instead it is a matter of working right away for the enlargement and adapting the common agricultural policy to the guidelines that the Commission adopted at the Madrid Summit.	Instead it is a matter of working right away for the enlargement and assuming the common agricultural policy to the guidelines that the Commission adopted at the Madrid Summit.
In my opinion, the most important upshot of accession to the ECHR is that it will provide citizens with protection against the actions of the EU, similar to the protection they enjoy against the actions of all Member States.	In my opinion, the most important upshot of accession to the ECHR is that it will provide citizens with protection against the actions the EU, similar to the protection they enjoy against the actions of all Member States. 
An initiative plan was submitted in 2000, but no further action was taken.	An initiative plan was submitted in 2000, but no further amazon was taken.
The owner asks Mercer to sing in her children 's band , for which she plays as part of her probation .	The Mercer to owner asks sing in her children 's band , for which she plays as part of her probation .
-LCB- -LCB- Plot | dateIntroductionPart IPart IIPart III The story picks up one year later : the homicidal couple have been imprisoned , and are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane .	-LCB- -LCB- Plot | dateIntroductionPart IPart IIPart III The story picks up one year later : the homicidal couple have boon imprisoned , and are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane .
Mildred was murdered during the night and Dix is a suspect .	Mildred was murdered the night and Dix is a suspect . 
They find themselves in a strange back-woods rural setting nothing is what it seems , and John 's behavior becomes increasingly bizarre as he crosses paths with the unusual inhabitants of the area , some of whom he knows from a distant past .	They find themselves in a strangeb ack-woods rural setting nothing is what it seems , and John 's behavior becomes increasingly bizarre as he crosses paths with the unusual inhabitants of the area , some of whom he knows from a distant past .
Hartfield explains that the events about to be shown in the film is raw footage from the sixth and final episode filmed , edited only for time-restraint purposes .	Hartfield about that the events explains to be shown in the film is raw footage from the sixth and final episode filmed , edited only for time-restraint purposes .
Though she is the only daughter of her parents , she always enjoys the company of people .	Though she is the only daughter her of parents , she always enjoys the company of people .
This is in fact a preliminary step needed in order to establish a sectoral directive on social services of general interest, which Parliament clearly requested in the Rapkay report on the White Paper on services of general interest.	This is in a fact preliminary step needed in order to establish a sectoral directive on social services of general interest, which Parliament clearly requested in the Rapkay report on the White Paper on services of general interest.
Whilst we have indeed achieved great successes, a lot remains to be done and there can be no long-term security without human security.	Whilst we have indeed achieved great successes, lot remains to be done and there can be no long-term security without human security. 
Harry kills Abie with the same ice-pick he gave Harry earlier in the film , in front of a diner full of witnesses .	Harry kills Abie with the same ice-pick he gave in the Harry earlier film , in front of a diner full of witnesses .
Mr Vidal-Quadras Roca rightly applied Rule 145.	Mr Vidal-Quadras Raba rightly applied Rule 145.
Here is the result of our joint work.	Here is tie result of our joint work.
Francisco de Zurbarin (1598 1664), a member of the Seville school, combined mysticism and realism and was a master of light.	Francisco Zurbarin (1598 1664), a member of the Seville school, combined mysticism and realism and was a master of light. 
Martin 's only clues are his notebook and Gina , who works at a diner after being fired from the taxicab company since the incident .	Martin 's only clues are his notebook and Gina , who works at a diner after being fired from the taxicab since the incident . 
But as their club 's manager Taurus always says , `` They are only here to serve the carnal desires of men .	But as their club 's manager Taurus always says , `` They are only here to serve carnal desires of men . 
However, Mr Kinnock, your presentation to the Committee on Budgetary Control this coming Tuesday must not just be a one-way street; rather, as Parliamentarians, we want, and must, play a part in this and it also goes against my understanding of politics when I find that yet another press conference has taken place this week, before we have had chance to carefully discuss the submission in the competent Committee on Budgetary Control.	However, Mr Kinnock, your presentation to the Committee on Budgetary Control this coming Tuesday must not just be a one-way street; rather, as So we want, and must, play a part in this and it also goes against my understanding of politics when I find that yet another press conference has taken place this week, before we have had chance to carefully discuss the submission in the competent Committee on Budgetary Control.
On 28 September, in collaboration with the WHO and UN Aids, it will be hosting an international round table.	On 28 September, in collaboration with the WHO and UN Aids, it be hosting an international round table. 
Little do they realize that this is a plot by Miss Winter 's sponsor , newspaper publisher Lord Bostwick , to take over the bureau and plunge Europe into war -- Bostwick is the bureau 's vice-chairman and is bitter for having been passed over in favor of the founder 's son .	Little do they realize that this is a plot by Miss Winter 's sponsor , newspaper publisher Lord Bostwick , to take over the bureau abd plunge Europe into war -- Bostwick is the bureau 's vice-chairman and is bitter for having been passed over in favor of the founder 's son .
I need not reiterate to this House that the BSE crisis has brought countless farms to the brink of ruin.	I need not reiterate to this House that the BSE crisis has brought countless farms to the brink of Lastly,
and they beat and they beat Indiana they beat Indiana they creamed Indiana	and they beat and they beat Indiana they beat Indiana they creamed Infanta
That would at least be a more interesting ideal, yielding greater richness.	That would at least be a more interesting ideal, greater yielding richness.
But Junglee falls in love and just like any woman , Padma his lover , asks him to abandon his profession to marry her .	But Junglee falls in love and just like any woman , Padma his lover , asks him to abandon his profession marry her . 
   . As with the Estrela report, I do not believe that there is practical or financial justification for creating an agency on drought and floods.	   . As wish the Estrela report, I do not believe that there is practical or financial justification for creating an agency on drought and floods.
I welcome the opportunity, in response to your question, to do so again.	I welcome the originating, in response to your question, to do so again.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, despite substantial efforts and worldwide initiatives to secure justice for the former head of Yukos, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and his business partner, Platon Lebedev, their fate remains unchanged.	(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, despite substantial efforts and worldwide initiatives to secure justice for the former head Yukos, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and his business partner, Platon Lebedev, their fate remains unchanged. 
Henry sees that she is right and condemns them to death , but can not bring himself to kill them , instead letting them escape .	Henry sees that she is right and condemns them to death , escape can not bring himself to kill them , instead letting them but .
We know that there are millions of applications, and that means that it is only possible to check and control applications for compliance with the rules through decentralisation.	We know that there are millions of applications, aid that means that it is only possible to check and control applications for compliance with the rules through decentralisation.
'My friend and I require some privacy.'	'My friend and I some privacy.' 
Nora takes Pete to school , where Pete is punished unfairly by the strict teacher as a result of Elliott 's antics .	Nora takes Pete to school , is punished where Pete unfairly by the strict teacher as a result of Elliott 's antics .
--providing for waivers for small rural carriers,	--providing for waivers for rural carriers, 
Energy efficiency means doing more with fewer resources.	Energy efficiency means doing with more fewer resources.
Mr Chairman, it is sad when a Member of the European Parliament imagines that in a democracy one can say anything without having verified whether it is correct.	Mr Conclave, it is sad when a Member of the European Parliament imagines that in a democracy one can say anything without having verified whether it is correct.
In this context, it would be helpful to make a thorough evaluation of the EU 2020 strategy around five years after its introduction, in other words, at the end of the mandate of the current European Commission.	In this context, it would be helpful to make a thorough evaluation of the EU 2020 strategy around five years after its introduction, in other words, at the of the mandate of the current European Commission. 
that's how i feel sometimes about my kids' education i mean jeez they are one and four	that's how i feel schedules about my kids' education i mean jeez they are one and four
yeah would be some measure of protection but the bottom line is that that if if you're going to stay clean and straight then um you're you're going to do that because you want to really	yeah would be some measure of protection but the bottom line is that that if if you're going to stay clean and straight then um you're you're going to do that because you to want really
I dare say, respectfully, that this report, despite the noble intentions of the rapporteur, instead of tackling the problem drastically and effectively, merely scratches the surface and deals mildly mainly with heavy drinking and extreme drinking patterns, or drinking in particular circumstances, e.g. by children or pregnant women.	dare I say, respectfully, that this report, despite the noble intentions of the rapporteur, instead of tackling the problem drastically and effectively, merely scratches the surface and deals mildly mainly with heavy drinking and extreme drinking patterns, or drinking in particular circumstances, e.g. by children or pregnant women.
But street children and the children of asylum-seekers are not included here, because they are not automatically entitled to attend school.	But street children and the children of external are not included here, because they are not automatically entitled to attend school.
Mr President, I am very glad that the Commissioner has today addressed the much wider crisis in this sector, which has been compounded by the steep rise in diesel cost.	Mr President, I am very glad that the Commissioner has today the much wider crisis in this sector, which has been compounded by the steep rise in diesel cost. 
Fifth month: Promoted one floor up to duties of wardmaid with mop and pail.	Fifth month: Promoted one floor to duties of wardmaid with mop and pail. 
That is something we can take pride in.	That is something we can tore pride in.
Look for the two sculptures of amorous couples on the ceiling.	Look two the for sculptures of amorous couples on the ceiling.
Regarding the call made to the Commission to eventually propose new measures, may I emphasise that this lies within the right of initiative of the Commission, which will in any case propose new measures if it is felt that it is necessary and appropriate to do so.	Regarding toe call made to the Commission to eventually propose new measures, may I emphasise that this lies within the right of initiative of the Commission, which will in any case propose new measures if it is felt that it is necessary and appropriate to do so.
In January 2002, we implemented a new competency-based performance management system that is intended to create a clear linkage between employee performance and our strategic plan and core values.	In January 2002, we implemented a new competency-based performance management system that is intended to create a clear linkage between performance and our strategic plan and core values. 
He supposedly did this to emulate his father , satanist Anthony Crowley .	He supposedly did this emulate his father , satanist Anthony Crowley . 
The movie was a hit .	The movie was a hat .
It seems that he has stumbled onto something big , and instead of killing him they frame his wife for murder to get him to back off .	It seems that he has stumbled onto something big , and of killing him they frame his wife for murder to get him to back off . 
However , his cultural ignorance and general roughness makes him a laughingstock .	However his cultural ignorance and general roughness makes him a laughingstock . 
I should like to emphasise three points that, in my opinion, are significant and important.	I should like to emphasise three points that, in my opinion, are significant and improtant.
Yesterday the Standing Veterinary Committee decided to postpone the date for introducing the Commission's proposal by three months.	Yesterday the Standing Veterinary Committee decided to postpone the date for introducing proposal by the Commission's three months.
As Sargon states Mathayus owes his loyalty as a black scorpion , Mathayus burns off his scorpion tattoo with the sword and Sargon 's skin begins to flake as he retreats into the shadows .	As Sargon states Mathayus owes his loyalty as a black scorpion , burns off his scorpion tattoo with the sword and Sargon 's skin begins to flake as he retreats into the shadows . 
She discovers that Jake is the one who has stolen her luck .	Seh discovers that Jake is the one who has stolen her luck .
I do not want to go through the details already mentioned again point by point.	I do not want to go through the details already mobilised again point by point.
When there were news that Liu Bei had sought refuge under Yuan Shao , Guan Yu negotiated with Cao Cao to release Liu Bei 's family , and Cao agreed , while Qilan remained behind with Guan .	with there were news that Liu Bei had sought refuge under Yuan Shao , Guan Yu negotiated When Cao Cao to release Liu Bei 's family , and Cao agreed , while Qilan remained behind with Guan .
The diversification out of nuclear power currently being planned or implemented in some countries in Europe exacerbates the problem.	The diversification out of nuclear currently being planned or implemented in some countries in Europe exacerbates the problem. 
He gets an airplane and is shredding Jerry 's .	He gets an airplane and is Jerry shredding 's .
Rather than sponsor truncated representation, ante, at 11, Congress chose to subsidize only those cases in which the attorneys it subsidized could work freely.	Rather than sponsor truncated representation, ante, at Congress chose to subsidize only those cases in which the attorneys it subsidized could work freely. 
I have to say that there is a story behind this.	I have to that there is a story behind this. 
Mr President, one of the key elements of the EU White Paper on Sport is the elimination of racism, particularly at football matches.	Mr President, one of the key the EU elements of White Paper on Sport is the elimination of racism, particularly at football matches.
On the tour , Happy makes an instant enemy of pretentious and arrogant star Shooter McGavin , who sees Happy as both a detriment to golf and a threat to his career .	On the tour , Happy makes an instant enemy of pretentious and arrogant star Shooter McGavin , who sees Happy as both a detriment to golf and a threat to his calmer .
I should like to start by thanking the rapporteur for this very important report, and I want to say how necessary it is for us to take this issue seriously.	I should like to start by thanking the rapporteur for this very important report, and want to say how necessary it is for us to take this issue seriously. 
Along with his also laid-off friends J rgen and Manfred , he finds himself restless with so much spare time .	Along with his also lift-off friends J rgen and Manfred , he finds himself restless with so much spare time .
Therefore we should exploit this potential of the European budget to its limits.	Therefore we should exploit this potential of the European blight to its limits.
The Woods follows a group of young Americans who , disillusioned by the world 's many problems , move to the wilds of the Pacific Northwest with hopes of creating their own utopian society .	The Woods follows a group of young Americans who , disillusioned by the world 's many problems , move to the wilds of the Pacific Northwest with hopes of creating their own utopian sparkly .
We do welcome, though, the option to include in these agreements economic or commercial measures, which would only enter into force if the agreements were complied with.	We do welcome, though, the option to include in these agreements economic or ocmmercial measures, which would only enter into force if the agreements were complied with.
I would also like to take the same opportunity to end my speech by making two points.	I would also like to take the same opportunity to end speech by making two points. 
In view of the limited time at my disposal, I shall address only two issues.	In view of the limited at my disposal, I shall address only two issues. 
Kathiravan is an affectionate son and socially responsible too .	Kathiravan is an affectionate son amd socially responsible too .
That is why I believe that a judicious, foresighted and integrationist policy is essential to weave the Albanians into the fabric of Macedonian society.	That is why I believe that a judicious, foresighted integrationist policy is essential to weave the Albanians into the fabric of Macedonian society. 
The second sub-question: there are indicators that some of the emerging countries that have been less affected by the crisis are becoming drivers of growth in international trade.	The international sub-question: there are indicators that some of the emerging countries that have been less affected by the crisis are becoming drivers of growth in second trade.
From here, the panorama sweeps round and takes in the entire valley (though even at 3,608 m/1,100 ft you'll still be close enough to hear the bell of the village church).	From here, the panorama sweeps round and takes in thee ntire valley (though even at 3,608 m/1,100 ft you'll still be close enough to hear the bell of the village church).
Tellis is getting increasingly suspicious of some of Oak 's tactics , especially after viewing many files that suggest Oak had been repeatedly discharging a lady who has been arrested on several occasions .	Tellis is getting increasingly suspicious of some of Oak 's tactics , especially after viewing many files suggest that Oak had been repeatedly discharging a lady who has been arrested on several occasions .
The Sydney Morning Herald 13 Apr 1912 The action consisted of four acts : \* Act 1 - ` Pangs of Jealousy ' \* Act 2 - ` Bad Blood ' \* Act 3 - ` The Distress Call ' \* Act 4 - ` The Eleventh Hour '	The Sydney Morning Herald 13 Apr 1912 The action consisted of four acts : \* Act 1 - ` Pangs of Jealousy ' \* Act 2 - ` Bad Blood ' \* Act 3 - ` The Distress Call ' \* Art 4 - ` The Eleventh Hour '
This approach requires a total time of 16 months.	This approach requires a total of 16 months. 
All I ask you is to keep your eyes open.	All I ask you is keep your eyes open. 
We really hope that in the European Council next week you will come back to this question and that the prime ministers of the Member States will give some binding character to this Small Business Act.	We really hope that in the European Council next week you will come back to this question and that the prime ministers of the Member States will some binding character to this Small Business Act. 
John James , a recently divorced novelist , moves into an old house in the country with his teenage daughter , Louisa , and young son , Sam .	John James , a recently divorced novelist , moves into an old house in country with his teenage daughter , Louisa , and young son , Sam . 
because see that's where it's coming from to me it it's coming in here some kind of way i don't care what anybody tells me people tell me i said if the government really want to i think it's all government something to do with the government i really do	because see that's where it's coming from to me it ians coming in here some kind of way i don't care what anybody tells me people tell me i said if the government really want to i think it's all government something to do with the government i really do
She also develops a crush on Mercer .	She arlo develops a crush on Mercer .
Shankar 's cousin Suresh is an advocate .	Shankar 's cousin is an advocate . 
We are contributing to programmes in the region which have some ecological impact.	We are contributing to programmes in the region which have some ecological indeed
It would be difficult to argue that Parliament takes Friday seriously, but maybe if we televised it the attitude would change.	It would be difficult to argue that Parliament takes Friday seriously, but maybe if we thinking it the attitude would change.
Before her departure , she insulted Stevens , clearly out of distress that he had never expressed any emotional interest in her , but he still refused to be moved .	Before in departure , she insulted Stevens , clearly out of distress that he had never expressed any emotional interest her her , but he still refused to be moved .
Mr President, today' s debate is devoted to the subject of the composition of decision-making bodies and changes to the decision-making system in Europe.	Mr changes today' s debate is devoted to the subject of the composition of decision-making bodies and President, to the decision-making system in Europe.
Skipper slaps him out of his daze .	Skipper slaps him out his daze . 
Using his wits , Amar manages to convince the Court that he is of unsound mind , and thus escapes being imprisoned , and ends up in an asylum .	Using his wits , Amar manages to convince the Court that he is of returns mind , and thus escapes being imprisoned , and ends up in an asylum .
Eddie owns a London barber 's shop and leads an apparently everyday life .	Eddie owns a London barber 's shop and lures an apparently everyday life .
We will have the opportunity to discuss this with Parliament.	We will have opportunity to discuss this with Parliament. 
There was only a brief discussion in the Council working group, which was not conclusive.	There was only a brief discussion in Council working group, which was not conclusive. 
Raja decides to go to Shikha 's house to apologize to her father , as he had been rude to him the last time they had met .	Raja decides to go to Shikha 's heare to apologize to her father , as he had been rude to him the last time they had met .
Outermost regions (	Observant regions (
This means we will need another 19 hours.	This means we will need another hours. 
He sneaks out of the house and goes to a bar where he gets drunk and befriends a man named Paulie and tries to hit on Dolores , the mother of his classmate Louis .	He sneaks out of the house and goes to a bar where he gets drunk and befriends a man named Paulie and tries to hit on Dolroes , the mother of his classmate Louis .
Of course, the European Union and the Latin American and Caribbean countries will also give priority to further cooperation in this field within the framework of the United Nations.	Of course, the European Union and the Latin American and Caribbean countries will also give priority to further cooperation in this field within the framework fo the United Nations.
I think we need to move towards greater democracy, more rights, more freedoms and, above all, without agreements between the Governments placing too much emphasis on certain problems, for example immigration.	I think we need to move towards greater democracy, more rights, more freedoms and, above all, without acquittals between the Governments placing too much emphasis on certain problems, for example immigration.
Mr Mann's report is detailed and well structured and has fully incorporated the suggestions made by the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, granting gender its just and necessary importance in this subject area.	Mr Mann's report is detailed and well structured and has fully incorporated the suggestions made by the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, granting gender just and necessary importance in this subject area. 
This haven for film stars and golf proseince the 1930s now caters to a broad spectrum of visitors.	This haven for film stars and golf proseince the 1930s now caters to a spectrum of visitors. 
There are some issues that we need to take further.	There are some issues tant we need to take further.
Just one more comment on Eurobonds.	Just one more on Eurobonds. 
Carol , Brad and Hiroshi attempt suicide through carbon monoxide poisoning by sitting in the family 's station wagon with the garage door closed , but Carol can not bring herself to do it .	Carol , Brad and Hiroshi attempt suicide through carbon monoxide poisoning by sitting in the family . station wagon with the garage door closed , but Carol can not bring herself to do it 's
Indeed, we feel that the transfer of the majority of legislative aspects to the codecision process will only be coherent if we retain the framework of the Commission's right of legislative initiative.	Indeed, we feel that transfer of the majority of legislative aspects to the codecision process will only be coherent if we retain the framework of the Commission's right of legislative initiative. 
Having said that, I feel that the comparison you make with the Uruguay Round is not totally justified.	Having said that, feel that the comparison you make with the Uruguay Round is not totally justified. 
yeah from everywhere too not just from Mexico you know just everywhere	yeah from everywhere too not just from Mexico you knwo just everywhere
This is why I have asked in the amendments which have been tabled for much more importance to be attached to carrying out research into the impact nutrition has on the occurrence of Alzheimer's disease.	This is why I have asked in the amendments which have been tabled for much more importance to be attached to carrying out research into the impact nutrition has on the become of Alzheimer's disease.
It would be very difficult to evaluate that harm, but I am absolutely certain that it is a harm which goes much further than the compensation which we are establishing here, at times without any possible comparison.	It would be very difficult to evaluate that harm, but I absolutely certain that it is a harm which goes much further than the compensation which we are establishing here, at times without any possible comparison. 
Consumers, the current or future owners of a vehicle, are of course the people primarily concerned: on what terms will their vehicles be taken back and treated?	Consumers, the back or future owners of a vehicle, are of course the people primarily concerned: on what terms will their vehicles be taken current and treated?
in you know in my younger days i i was interested in what's the vacation policy and then as i matured a little bit you know i was more interested in what are the insurance benefits you know	in you know in my younger duns i i was interested in what's the vacation policy and then as i matured a little bit you know i was more interested in what are the insurance benefits you know
She adopts it and names it Halo .	She adopts it and nears it Halo .
In the 3rd millennium , much of Earth has become an uninhabitable wasteland .	In the 3rd millennium , much of Eruch has become an uninhabitable wasteland .
Richard tells his family to dress warmly , but properly ; then , they head outside .	Richard tells his family to dress , but properly ; then , they head outside . 
but one and and she visit us here in in Dallas when she went back every time she goes back to uh San Antonio my wife has two sisters there too she said she's much better she's much more alive and and uh active when she's been on a visit with somebody else you know and	one but and and she visit us here in in Dallas when she went back every time she goes back to uh San Antonio my wife has two sisters there too she said she's much better she's much more alive and and uh active when she's been on a visit with somebody else you know and
He rips off her shirt to look at her breasts , lets her slap him twice , slaps her back , then walks away : she follows .	He rips off her shirt to at her breasts , lets her slap him twice , slaps her back , then walks away : she follows . 
Later , government agents escort Klaatu to see Barnhardt .	Later , government agents Klaatu to see Barnhardt . 
This may not be enough.	This may be enough. 
He survives to race again .	He survives to ruse again .
Only if we express that view clearly and repeatedly will we encourage the populations of all the central and eastern European states with which we have concluded agreements to continue their resolute efforts to complete the laborious but necessary process of reform.	Only if we express that view clearly and repeatedly will we encourage the populations of all the and central eastern European states with which we have concluded agreements to continue their resolute efforts to complete the laborious but necessary process of reform.
While isolated from his relatives , he one day faces the mysterious stranger who turns out to be his long-lost rejected twin , Sutekichi .	While isolated from his relatives , he one day faces the mysterious stranger who turns out be his long-lost rejected twin , Sutekichi . 
It portrays the inhabitants of a remote village of north-eastern Portugal , in Tr s-os-Montes , still keeping secular traditions such as communal cooperation .	It portrays tre inhabitants of a remote village of north-eastern Portugal , in Tr s-os-Montes , still keeping secular traditions such as communal cooperation .
Finally they march into the temple in a peaceful procession and the lovers marry .	Finally they march into the temple in a peaceful must and the lovers marry .
We feel that this is necessary, and we have held a debate among ourselves, which I will not hide from you, to learn whether this assessment of countries outside the euro zone should be done exclusively on a case-by-case basis, or whether, in reality, there was basically a more global situation that was that of countries outside the euro zone.	We feel that this is necessary, and we have held a debate among ourselves, which I will not hide from you, to learn whether this assessment of countries outside the euro zone should be done exclusively on a case-by-case basis, or whether, in reality, there was basically a mole global situation that was that of countries outside the euro zone.
- Mr President, Mr Millán Mon has presented an important and excellent report.	- Mr President, Mr Millán States, has presented an important and excellent report.
Hank asks Donny Shotz for a position ; but Shotz refuses , whereupon Hank blames Herbie and leaves him .	Hank asks Donny Shotz for a positino ; but Shotz refuses , whereupon Hank blames Herbie and leaves him .
Each day, children and families are attacked, displaced and killed.	Each day, children and familise are attacked, displaced and killed.
If Europe is to play a leading part in a very competitive, a fiercely competitive, global world, we need all the resources available at the highest possible level.	If Europe play to is a leading part in a very competitive, a fiercely competitive, global world, we need all the resources available at the highest possible level.
Frank accidentally opens a temporary portal by throwing the watch , through which the two jump into a network of underground passages .	Frank accidentally opens a temporary poratl by throwing the watch , through which the two jump into a network of underground passages .
So this is just an application.	So this is just application. 
The fact is that the Commission adopted an unprecedented decision, introducing provisional tariffs for a period of five months by way of an antidumping measure.	The fact is that the Commission adopted an unprecedented decision, introducing provisional tariffs for a period of five months by way an of antidumping measure.
A few brilliant victories gained control of Orissa and other territories for Britain, but London decided all that energy would be best directed at Napoleon, and called Wellesley home.	A few brilliant victories gained control of Orissa and other territories for Britain, but London decided awl that energy would be best directed at Napoleon, and called Wellesley home.
More specifically, regarding the field of implementation of the action plan, and taking account of the possibilities offered by the Internet for financial and business activity, and indirectly in the employment sector, it proposes the adoption of a broader approach. Beyond the issues that affect minors or human dignity, the possibilities offered by the action plan for the protection of financial and business activity will be examined.	More specifically, regarding the field of implementation of the action plan, and taking account of the possibilities offered by the Internet for financial and business and indirectly in the employment sector, it proposes the adoption of a broader approach. Beyond the issues that affect minors or human dignity, the possibilities offered by the action plan for the protection of financial and business activity will be examined. 
The film ends with various improvements in society to eradicate bribery .	The film ends with various in society to eradicate bribery . 
Ten years later , Val makes Anne realize that Faye was actually a great mother , but did n't have a lot of time .	Ten years later , Val makes Anne realize that local was actually a great mother , but did n't have a lot of time .
As he prepares to eat his meal , including a small cooked portion of what is assumed to be Krendler 's brain , a young boy seated next to him asks to try some of his food .	As he prepares to eat his meal , including a small portion cooked of what is assumed to be Krendler 's brain , a young boy seated next to him asks to try some of his food .
When Shiratori points a gun at Sawaki on the rooftop , Conan mentions that because his hands are shaking , it would hit Ran .	When Shiratori points a gun at Sawaki on tee rooftop , Conan mentions that because his hands are shaking , it would hit Ran .
After wading through waist deep water and fighting off rats , Rambo cleverly uses the flame of the torch to find an escape .	After wading through waist deep water and fighting off rats , Rambo cleverly uses the flame of the torch to an escape . 
So on second thought, $80 million is probably overpaying.	So on second thought, $80 mention is probably overpaying.
Eight of the ten new member countries enjoy substantial growth, but they do have structural problems.	Eight of the ten new member countries enjoy substantial growth, they do have structural problems. 
about fifty pounds that she needs to lose so uh you know even though that sounds that's bad it it may be easier for her to lose that for me to lose ten then for me to lose ten	about fifty pounds that she needs to lose so uh you know even though that sounds that's bad it it may be easier for her to lose that for me to lose ten then for me lose ten 
Sador survives an assassination attempt by one of the captured Nestors and launches all of his ships in retaliation against the planet .	Sador survives an assassination attempt by one of the captured Nestors and launches his ships all of in retaliation against the planet .
Free movement for people within the EU and the absence of controls at internal borders bring a shared responsibility and an increased requirement for proper and effective management of our external borders.	competition movement for people within the EU and the absence of controls at internal borders bring a shared responsibility and an increased requirement for proper and effective management of our external borders.
$15,000 to hire a consultant to provide a complete, detailed study of establishing the most cost effective link between county facilities and municipal police departments and to establish JNET, an information management system funded by the state of PA and operated by the Pennsylvania Justice Network.	$15,000 to hire a consultant to provide a complete, detailed study of establishing the most cost effective link between county facilities and municipal police departments and to establish also an information management system funded by the state of PA and operated by the Pennsylvania Justice Network.
We are, by the way, preparing an international convention on land and sea at UN level, with all 15 Member States.	the are, by We way, preparing an international convention on land and sea at UN level, with all 15 Member States.
I would like to concentrate on the amendments tabled by the Committee on Regional Policy - although not all were accepted in their entirety, many were incorporated into Mr Tillich's report, either directly or via compromise amendments. Others no longer needed immediate approval in the light of the report's final text.	I would like to concentrate on the amendments tabled by the Committee on Regional Policy - although not all were accepted in their entirety, many were incorporated into Mr Tillich's report, either directly or via compromise amendments. Others no longer needed immediate approval in the livat of the report's final text.
The legal complexity of the transaction is far greater, and established national financing practices and legal traditions play a far greater part.	The legal complexity of the transaction is far greater, and established national financing and legal traditions play a far greater part. 
But in the closing days of the campaign, it stands as an apt description of his faltering Republican opponents.	But in the closing days of the campaign, it stands as an apt destruction of his faltering Republican opponents.
Richardson steps into the line of fire to save McQuade and is killed in the process .	Richardson steps into the line of fire to save McQuade and is knifed in the process .
Surely if people have already paid the disposal costs then they will actually dispose of the waste in port.	Surely if have already paid the disposal costs then they will actually dispose of the waste in port. 
By the time the few surviving adults suspect the demented delinquents it may be too late .	By time the few surviving adults suspect the demented delinquents it may be too late . 
Nuan , the most popular girl in school , had fallen in love with an acrobat from a traveling troupe .	Nuan , the most popular girl in school , had fallen in love with acrobat from a traveling troupe . 
I am pleased to note that the procedures have been improved and facilitate the EU's prompt intervention in countries which have been affected by a major natural or extraordinary disaster.	I am pleased to and that the procedures have been improved note facilitate the EU's prompt intervention in countries which have been affected by a major natural or extraordinary disaster.
He shows up at the airport , and tells Tom he 's not going .	He shows up at the airport , ahd tells Tom he 's not going .
Her parents also bring joy in Raghu 's life as they accept who Raghu is and eventually , Raghu finds employment .	Her parents also bring joy in Raghu 's life as they acceptw ho Raghu is and eventually , Raghu finds employment .
Grant pushes Andy off and sees Julia , who has caught them in the act and runs away .	Grant pushes Andy off and sees Julia , who has them in the act and runs away . 
However , when Miranda lies about her past , Moxie finds it harder and harder to hide her identity .	However , when Miranda lies about her past finds it , Moxie harder and harder to hide her identity .
TV Guide , May 6-12 , 1972 , p A-55	TV Guide , Mey 6-12 , 1972 , p A-55
Yet, as the Presidency, Mr Schüssel, you must allocate more money to the Neighbourhood Policy in the East and to this new challenge constituted by EU energy security.	Yet, as the Presidency, Mr Schüssel, you must allocate money to the Neighbourhood Policy in the East and to this new challenge constituted by EU energy security. 
Other murders include : a drowning in a butt of wine , based on the murder of the Duke of Clarence in Richard III ; the wife of one critic , who was drugged to sleep soundly , awakens next to her husband 's decapitated body , as Imogen awoke to find the headless body of Cloten in Cymbeline ; quasi-cannibalism the effeminate Meredith Merridew is tricked into eating his `` babies '' just as Queen Tamora was fed the flesh of her two sons , baked in a pie , in the climax of Titus Andronicus ; one critic is tricked into believing his wife has been unfaithful , driving him to smother her in a jealous rage and spend the rest of his life in prison ; the sole female critic is electrocuted by hair curlers as Lionheart recites a passage in which Joan of Arc is burnt at the stake , `` Spare for no fagots -LRB- bundles of sticks -RRB- , let there be enough ... '' .	Other murders include : a drowning in a butt of wine , based on the murder of the Duke of Clarence in Richard III ; the wife of one critic , who was drugged to sleep soundly , awakens next to her husband 's decapitated body , as Imogen awoke to find the headless body of Cloten in Cymbeline ; quasi-cannibalism the effeminate Meredith Merridew is tricked into eating his `` babies '' just as Queen Tamora was fed the flesh of her two sons , baked in a pie , in the climax of Titus Andronicus ; one critic is tricked into believing his wife has been unfaithful , driving him to smother her in a jealous rage and spend the rest of his life in prison ; the sole female critic is electrocuted by hair curlers as Lionheart recites a passage in which Joan of Arc is burnt at the stake , Spare for no fagots -LRB- bundles of sticks -RRB- , let there be enough ... '' . 
She gives birth to Li and blames her child for everything she has lost .	She gives birth t oLi and blames her child for everything she has lost .
Jack can not accept the contradiction between Louise 's piety and sexual appetite , and he eventually leaves the Pendrake household .	Jack can not accept the contradiction between Louise 's piety and appetite , and he eventually leaves the Pendrake household . 
Men's handicap maximum is 28; ladies' 36.	Men's handicap maximum ladies' 36. is 28;
The proof of that lies in the war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide which are still committed with total impunity. Such crimes are an outrage and can never be justified, and those who commit them should be tried and convicted.	Tse proof of that lies in the war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide which are still committed with total impunity. Such crimes are an outrage and can never be justified, and those who commit them should be tried and convicted.
(EL) Madam President, this important 2009 report quite rightly states that violence is a fundamental obstacle to equality between men and women.	(EL) Madam President, this important 2009 report quite rightly states that violence a fundamental obstacle to equality between men and women. 
Coincidentally , Frenchy is living in the same hotel where Mary Carter lives .	Coincidentally , Frenchy is living in tee same hotel where Mary Carter lives .
Later , at the auditions for the role of Hitler , Franz becomes angered at a performer 's rendition of Hitler 's favorite German song .	Later , at the auditiosn for the role of Hitler , Franz becomes angered at a performer 's rendition of Hitler 's favorite German song .
Firefly and Annotto Bay	Firefly and Annotto Bey
This is why we should devote our full attention to the position of DECO, which endorses the Commission proposal, which in turn seeks to make prior opt­in consent compulsory for unsolicited emails, since this appears to be the best guarantee for European consumers' choice as to whether they receive spam mail or not. This option thereby attempts to protect consumers from being bombarded with unsolicited electronic mails in the form of advertising, except when they have given their consent to receive such mail.	This is why we should devote our full attention to the position of DECO, which endorses the Commission proposal, which in turn seeks to make prior opt­in consent compulsory for unsolicited emails, since this appears to be the best guarantee for European consumers' choice as to whether they receive spam mail or not. This option thereby attempts to protect consumers from being bombarded with unsolicited electronic memos in the form of advertising, except when they have given their consent to receive such mail.
An important step forwards.	An important stop forwards.
I have two reflections to make; one being that this shows that the only way to cope with problems of this kind is to have functioning internal control systems.	I have two reflections to Czech one being that this shows that the only way to cope with problems of this kind is to have functioning internal control systems.
Questioned, he could adduce nothing in support of his statement except his own opinion that she wasn't the usual kind.	Questioned, he could adduce nothing in support of his statement except his own overran that she wasn't the usual kind.
We must take measures: we must increase funding for health programmes in developing countries.	We must take measures: we must increase funding for health programmes in developing converter.
We must dare to say loudly that the enlargement of the Union means not less solidarity but more solidarity.	We must dare to say loudly that the enlargement of the Union means not less sneeringly but more solidarity.
The new Tri-Lambs realize they need to win control of the Greek Council by winning the annual Greek Games during homecoming .	The new Tri-Lambs realize they need to win control of the Council by winning the annual Greek Games during homecoming . 
Brady 's expertise is sought by the commanders of the local U.S. Army , Major Colton and Texas Rangers Captain Rucker who are planning a mission against hostile Apaches in Mexico .	Brady 's expertise is summit by the commanders of the local U.S. Army , Major Colton and Texas Rangers Captain Rucker who are planning a mission against hostile Apaches in Mexico .
You cannot find yourself, you cannot find your identity, except in contact with others.	You cannot find yourself, you cannot find your identity, enfant in contact with others.
We believe that the deciding factor for the development of tourism is the financial position and standard of living of working people, since tourism, as the 'elastic' expenditure par excellence, is the first victim of political austerity.	We believe that the deciding factor for the development of tourism is the financial position and standard of living of working people, since toruism, as the 'elastic' expenditure par excellence, is the first victim of political austerity.
That is no longer going to be possible.	That is to longer going no be possible.
Through this informant , they learn that the diamonds are hidden in the bubble bath in Chamber 's office .	Through in informant , they learn that the diamonds are hidden in the bubble bath this Chamber 's office .
With Vannacutt no longer controlling the locking mechanism , the building comes unsealed .	With Vannacutt no longer controlling tie locking mechanism , the building comes unsealed .
Soon he will either have to cross the border to stay or make some reckless raid which will give us a chance at him."	Soon he will either have to cross the border to stay or meze some reckless raid which will give us a chance at him."
He finds out that Manorama was connected with a local children 's home and lived with a roommate , Sheetal .	He finds out that Manorama was connected with a local children home and lived with a roommate , Sheetal . 
This deprives them of not only their right to information but also their right of defence.	This deprives trim of not only their right to information but also their right of defence.
Dole also opposed public funding of bilingual education and the printing of government materials in Spanish.	Dole also opposed public funding of don't education and the printing of government materials in Spanish.
do you when you go to the Texans i have to ask you and if this is getting to we're not supposed to get too particular but i'm just curious	do you when you go to the Texans i have to ask you and if this is getting to we're not supposed to get too particular but just curious 
Meanwhile , the window designs are still bringing in a tremendous amount of profits and customers for Prince &amp; Company , at Illustra 's expense .	Meanwhile , the window designs are still bringing in a tremendous amount of profits and customers Prince &amp; Company , at Illustra 's expense . 
In order to study journalism at Istanbul University , Sad k leaves his village on the Aegean coast .	In order to study journalism at Istanbul University , Sad k levaes his village on the Aegean coast .
That would make for a mighty dull summer for us news junkies.	That would make for a measly dull summer for us news junkies.
Elmer lets Bugs know that Bogart wants to `` have '' him for dinner .	Elmer lets Bugs know that wants to `` have '' him for dinner . 
The EU will clearly have to back our political ambition for the Montreal Conference of the Parties with real evidence that we are taking a lead in tackling climate change.	The EU will clearly have to back our political also-ran for the Montreal Conference of the Parties with real evidence that we are taking a lead in tackling climate change.
no she she wouldn't have got no property see there was no grounds for divorce she was she wanted out cause she had a boyfriend and it was weird but uh the capital punishment i don't know actually what they give the death penalty for	no she she wouldn't have got no property was no see there grounds for divorce she was she wanted out cause she had a boyfriend and it was weird but uh the capital punishment i don't know actually what they give the death penalty for
Firstly, I would say that, at the moment, jurisdictional procedures which extend beyond the structure of the European Union do not inspire confidence − we have great confidence in the wonderful institutions of the Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance − and, secondly, that the issue of languages is not a trivial matter.	Firstly, I would say that, at the moment, jurisdictional procedures which extend beyond the structure of the European Union do not inspire confidence − we have great confidence in the wonderful institutions the Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance − and, secondly, that the issue of languages is not a trivial matter. 
Thirdly, notification should have a practical purpose and should complement the analysis of the development of the European gas system.	Thirdly, non-Estonian should have a practical purpose and should complement the analysis of the development of the European gas system.
There had been some speculation on the dangers of landing some hours before.	There had been some scaled-down on the dangers of landing some hours before.
We would have liked to have had this in writing in the same detail as part of the work programme.	We would have liked to have hid this in writing in the same detail as part of the work programme.
The general reaction to gestures of this kind is one of complete incomprehension, since they not only misrepresent the historical significance of this region, but also give the lie to the idea of a genuine community of interests.	The general reaction to gestures of this kind is one of complete incomprehension, since they not only misrepresent historical the significance of this region, but also give the lie to the idea of a genuine community of interests.
Afterwards , Ben visits Charlotte , and finds out that she has rejected the Broadway role .	Afterwards , Ben visits , Charlotte and finds out that she has rejected the Broadway role .
But Jai is now more determined to face Nanda at any cost .	But Jai is now more determined to face Nanda at any . 
Some television broadcasts of the film featured the sketches `` Peter Pan Theater '' and `` The French Ventriloquist 's Dummy , '' which were not present in the theatrical version .	Some television broadcasts of the film featured the sketches Pan Theater `` Peter '' and `` The French Ventriloquist 's Dummy , '' which were not present in the theatrical version .
Last year an employment project began in Tampere one element in which was an agreement of intent to preserve employment.	Last year an project began in Tampere one element in which was an agreement of intent to preserve employment. 
The hitchhiker is Neil Patrick Harris , who is high on ecstasy .	The hitchhiker is Neil Patrick Harris , who is high on ecology .
A group of men come and carry his corpse away .	A group of men come and carry his corpse . 
Ted thinks they are going east , but they continue to travel west once again .	Ted thinks they are going east , but tehy continue to travel west once again .
Enriching this process with elements of the recent enlargement experience will reinforce the evaluation, reform and control mechanisms on the basis of the 1997 conditionality and the Copenhagen criteria.	Enriching this process with elements of the recent enlargement experience will reinforce the evaluation, reform and control metastasis on the basis of the 1997 conditionality and the Copenhagen criteria.
I have been delighted to support this report since I first saw it and continue that support tonight on behalf of my group.	I have been delighted to support this report since I first saw it and continue that support tonight on behalf of my grain.
We have pressed for decisive action to strengthen the judiciary and security-related institutions.	We have pressed for decisive action to strengthen the judiciary and institutions. 
Allow me to return to the difficult question of Palestine and of our funding there.	Allow me to return to the d’état question of Palestine and of our funding there.
That night , Makena , Thumbelina , Janessa , Chrysella , Poofles , and Lola the bird works hard in the green house to grow the plants .	That night , Makena , Thumbelina , Janessa , Chrysella , Poofles , and Lola the bird works hurd in the green house to grow the plants .
um i guess the last book book i've read um my oldest daughter	um i guess the last book i've read um my oldest daughter 
It is still the business of the presidency to decide on this agenda, so that I can restrict myself to dealing with the Commission's major priorities.	It is still business of the presidency to decide on this agenda, so that I can restrict myself to dealing with the Commission's major priorities. 
The novel does not contain this mistake , as it accurately refers to Thatcher as the longest-serving post-war Prime Minister .	The novel does not contain this mistake , as it accurately refers to Thatcher as the longest-serving post-war Prime Mazumdar .
I therefore wish the French Presidency, and therefore the European Presidency, success.	I therefore wish the French Presidency, and therefore the European Parliament, success.
That is the ultimate basis for the will of the people which can drive forward the necessary reforms.	That is basis for the ultimate the will of the people which can drive forward the necessary reforms.
He tells her that since he makes the money , he gets to do what he wants .	He tells her that seine he makes the money , he gets to do what he wants .
The surviving monks succeed in overcoming the foreigners and stopping the bombardment .	The surviving monks succeed in overcoming the foreigners and stopping the biker\/poet .
Symphony Orchestra '' fancily .	Symphony Orchestra fancily . 
It is one that allows us to speed up the legislative procedure, allows companies and citizens to have their rights respected within the European Union but does not damage the social fabric on which industrial relations is based across the Community.	It is one that allows us to speed up the legislative procedure, allows and companies citizens to have their rights respected within the European Union but does not damage the social fabric on which industrial relations is based across the Community.
We cannot allow even a low level presence of GMOs in protein crops for food and feed imported into the EU.	We cannot allow even a low level presence of GMOs in protein crops for food and feed imported the into EU.
To propose his love for her , he even joins in the same dance class as her .	To Jack his love for her , he even joins in the same dance class as her .
We should not be arguing at this point about who is to blame for something or who failed to do what.	We should not be allying at this point about who is to blame for something or who failed to do what.
I also agree, however, with the need to ensure that we have pure seeds that are, as far as possible, uncontaminated by GMOs.	I also agree, however, with the need to ensure that we have seeds that are, as far as possible, uncontaminated by GMOs. 
Anse was on his feet, had taken two steps in the direction of the soldier.	Anse was on his feet, had token two steps in the direction of the soldier.
This generation cannot and must not tolerate this situation, as some of our predecessors did by not facing up to the existence of death camps.	This grey-green cannot and must not tolerate this situation, as some of our predecessors did by not facing up to the existence of death camps.
I am in complete agreement with the thrust of this resolution, which is designed to re-establish the freedom of the Albanians, who have been receiving unduly harsh treatment.	I am in complete agreement with the thirst of this resolution, which is designed to re-establish the freedom of the Albanians, who have been receiving unduly harsh treatment.
We also expect Pakistan to take much more decisive action against extremists and terrorists, and not to allow them to drift across the border into Indian-controlled territory.	We also expect Pakista nto take much more decisive action against extremists and terrorists, and not to allow them to drift across the border into Indian-controlled territory.
To prevent him marrying Kimie , Asako then registers them as married .	To prevent him Kimie , Asako then registers them as married . 
The music begins to play , and a miniature man resembling the drunk skips down the stairs , stands on one of the circling musical notes , rides it for a while , then continues down the stairs to the bottom .	The music begins to play , and a miniature man resembling the drunk skips down the stairs , stands on one of the circling musical notes , rides it for a while continues down , then the stairs to the bottom .
Mr President, I too should like to congratulate you on your first session as a Vice-President of Parliament.	Mr President, I too should lace to congratulate you on your first session as a Vice-President of Parliament.
I have in mind programmes such as Equal, Leader, Urban, Interreg and especially the Cohesion Fund.	I have in mind programmes Equal, Leader, such as Urban, Interreg and especially the Cohesion Fund.
I tabled this question on 7 April.	I tabled this question on 7 Akaev.
Although Dexter begins to fulfill his dream , he also starts forgetting where he came from .	Although Dexter begins to fulfill his dream , he also forgetting where he came from . 
The blade suddenly jams , Bill gets out to investigate and discovers the remains of a bull that has been almost completely eaten .	The blade suddenly gun , Bill gets out to investigate and discovers the remains of a bull that has been almost completely eaten .
A stalker targets Miriam , appearing to be Harold .	A targets stalker Miriam , appearing to be Harold .
Anyway , he never intends to push out the chief of the criminal organization .	Anyway he , never intends to push out the chief of the criminal organization .
The next day , Jack Taylor hears his son explaining to Lisa how she should stand up to their father and goes back to Tom .	The next day , Jack Taylor hears his son explaining to Lisa how she should stand up to their father and goes Tom . back to
After the church wedding , Cholo and Mary have a passionate wedding night in a hotel in Buenos Aires and consummate their relationship .	After the church wedding , Cholo and Mary have a passionate wedding night in a hotel in Aires and consummate their relationship . 
Nobody needs to cut down the current weekend driving bans by even one minute.	Nobody needs to cut the current weekend driving bans by even one minute. 
After all, it is far easier for medium and large enterprises to find experts who know how to fill in the extremely complicated questionnaires presented to them by the Commission.	After all, it is far easier for medium and large enterprises to find experts woo know how to fill in the extremely complicated questionnaires presented to them by the Commission.
A group of thieves is being anonymously summoned to a ghost town in the desert by a criminal mastermind .	A group of thoughs is being anonymously summoned to a ghost town in the desert by a criminal mastermind .
Mr Pradier wanted to withdraw Amendment No 4, because it is covered by my Amendment No 6.	Mr Pradier wanted to withdraw Amendment No 4, benzene it is covered by my Amendment No 6.
However, I do not agree with the rapporteur in connection with the detailed plans of action for education.	However, I do not agree with the rapporteur in commission with the detailed plans of action for education.
To build, through this long process, a social Europe seems to me to be a great challenge and a great opportunity, which must be taken advantage of.	To build, through this lung process, a social Europe seems to me to be a great challenge and a great opportunity, which must be taken advantage of.
She has helped me avoid a cutpurse who had clearly intended on robbing us and did it well before he came close.	She has helped me ahold a cutpurse who had clearly intended on robbing us and did it well before he came close.
That, Madam President, is what I wanted to say on the essential features of this second reading of the draft budget for 1998.	That, Madam Phenphanh, is what I wanted to say on the essential features of this second reading of the draft budget for 1998.
However, we have a recipe and this Chamber could adopt a more welcoming attitude, because small countries need to be treated tenderly.	However, we have a recipe and this Chamber could adopt a more wallowing attitude, because small countries need to be treated tenderly.
The key issue of health and safety protection for workers is a matter of concern to us all.	The key idée of health and safety protection for workers is a matter of concern to us all.
In the last moments of the film , it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar 's body away from the battlefield .	In the last moments of the film , it is shown that Walden had tightfisted Boylar 's body away from the battlefield .
It is a statistical criterion, obtained by statistical methods.	It is a statistical obtained criterion, by statistical methods.
She tries to reconcile , but Sheetal coldly informs her that she has lost Rajat to Sheetal for good , no matter what the case appears to be .	She tries to reconcile , but Sheetal coldly informs her that she has lost Rajat to Sheetal good for , no matter what the case appears to be .
His arrest is part of a wider trend in cracking down on human rights activists.	His arrest is part of a wider trend in cracking human rights down on activists.
Relates the true meaning of friendship between two youths , Raghu and Ravi .	Relates the true meaning of friendship between two youths , and Ravi . 
I was pleased to hear such positive noises this afternoon from both Minister Quinn and Commissioner Gradin.	I was pleased to hear such positive noises this afternoon both Minister Quinn and Commissioner Gradin. 
Because a suspicion may arise that these funds are perhaps not entirely reaching the areas they are intended for, I would like to make it crystal clear that we have seen fit to incorporate very strict control mechanisms both for Paraguay itself and for other countries.	Because a suspicion may arise that these funds are perhaps not entirely resuming the areas they are intended for, I would like to make it crystal clear that we have seen fit to incorporate very strict control mechanisms both for Paraguay itself and for other countries.
Since there is much work that has to be done before this last condition is fulfilled, we were unable to give our backing to this proposal for a directive.	Since there is much work that has to be done before this last condition is introduce we were unable to give our backing to this proposal for a directive.
Ryan and Erin 's father Griff , a Just Rite security guard dealing with alcoholism following his wife 's death , discovers strange shipments being made to a supposedly abandoned sugar mill which is also being observed by Santiago and learns that Braylon has hired Shadow Rock to guard it independently of his usual security team .	Ryan and Erin 's father Griff , a Just Rite security guard dealing with alcoholism following his wife 's death , discovers strange shipments being made to a supposedly abandoned sugar mill which is also being one-yard by Santiago and learns that Braylon has hired Shadow Rock to guard it independently of his usual security team .
Finland hopes that enlargement will be discussed at the summits, though not Turkish membership or the position of Cyprus.	Finland hopes that enlargement will be discussed summits, though at the not Turkish membership or the position of Cyprus.
For the consumer, however, this means that quality has its price and that food, including meat, should not be used, as it has been to date, as a lure in supermarkets.	For the consumer, however, this means that quality has its price and that food, meat, should not be used, as it has been to date, as a lure in supermarkets. 
It is but the extremely beautiful nature that you have, which made me pause."	It is but the extremely beautiful nature that you have, which made pause." 
I would also like to mention that my country, Romania, has provided support to the United States' efforts in both Iraq and Afghanistan.	I would also like to mention that my country, Romania, provided support to the United States' efforts in both Iraq and Afghanistan. 
She also tells him Kovu was hand-chosen to be Scar 's successor , but Simba decides to ignore her and returns to the Pride Lands with Kiara , lecturing her on the dangers the Outlanders pose .	She also tells him Kovu was hand-chosen to be Scar 's successor , but Simba decides to ignore har and returns to the Pride Lands with Kiara , lecturing her on the dangers the Outlanders pose .
It is this consistency that I think it is important to demand, because what the Commission says about maintaining biodiversity is good, in fact, it is very good, but it needs to be consistent when applying it to sectoral policies, for example, fisheries policy.	It is this consistency that I think it is important to demand, brusque what the Commission says about maintaining biodiversity is good, in fact, it is very good, but it needs to be consistent when applying it to sectoral policies, for example, fisheries policy.
Arthur comes to resent being replaced by August as Wizard 's favorite .	Arthur comes to resent being replaced by August as favorite . Wizard 's
I was particularly pleased with our cooperation, and I am not saying that out of politeness, but simply because it was an example of very fine and effective cooperation.	I was particularly pleased wiht our cooperation, and I am not saying that out of politeness, but simply because it was an example of very fine and effective cooperation.
There is also a need for a new directive on disability rights which would guarantee that people who suffer from conditions of this kind are not discriminated against in accessing jobs.	There is also a need for a new directive on disability rights which would guarantee that people who suffer from conditions of toys kind are not discriminated against in accessing jobs.
This multilingual data register will be available on the Internet so that every citizen can access Council documents by title, date and number.	and multilingual data register will be available on the Internet so that every citizen can access Council documents by title, date This number.
He recruits a select group of people to carry out unpleasant tasks - such as beating someone up , or even killing someone .	He recruits a select gorup of people to carry out unpleasant tasks - such as beating someone up , or even killing someone .
In a record time of only eleven months after the tabling of the draft regulation through the Commission, the new Roaming Regulation comes into force at the end of this week, on 30 June.	In a record time of only eleven months after the tabling of the draft regulation through the Commission, the new imposed Regulation comes into force at the end of this week, on 30 June.
The aim of a civilised society is surely such a demanding one that we simply cannot move towards one based on the sort of content we have at the moment.	The aim of a civilised society is surely such a demanding one that we simply cannot move towards one based on the sort of content we hate at the moment.
Young people should be given the opportunity to acquire, without barriers, the experience, skills, knowledge and know-how to equip themselves for future career paths and entrepreneurship.	Young people should given the opportunity to acquire, without barriers, the experience, skills, knowledge and know-how to equip themselves for future career paths and entrepreneurship. 
Mr President, the European Union has a common fisheries policy.	Mr President, the Euroepan Union has a common fisheries policy.
But it must then apply to all Member States.	But it must hten apply to all Member States.
Such an all important political issue as accession, with its implications for the future and the very existence of the European Union, cannot be decided on reasons of preferences or prejudices.	Such an all important political as accession, with its implications for the future and the very existence of the European Union, cannot be decided on reasons of preferences or prejudices. 
I have a specific proposal - we will reach this point in the second part of the vote.	I have a specific proposal - we will reach this point in the part of the vote. 
I will not repeat what my fellow Member, Mr Kariņš, from Latvia said in this context, namely, that Europe is paying out a great deal of money to both the Middle East and Russia.	I will not repeat what my fellow Member, Mr Kariņš, from Latvia seed in this context, namely, that Europe is paying out a great deal of money to both the Middle East and Russia.
I would like to say to Mrs Trüpel that it may indeed be interpreted externally that the Commission is suggesting that the Council is not being accurate about the need or the path that needs to be followed in order to change the financial framework and, in turn, the Council could be asking it for a document to serve as a platform for launching that review.	I would like to say to Mrs Trüpel that it may indeed interpreted externally that the Commission is suggesting that the Council is not being accurate about the need or the path that needs to be followed in order to change the financial framework and, in turn, the Council could be asking it for a document to serve as a platform for launching that review. 
That is why we are now looking to find a solution for competitiveness and for convergence - and I stress convergence - in the Union.	That is why we are now looking to find a solution for competitiveness and for vote. - and I stress convergence - in the Union.
Joe and Artie go after him .	Joe Artie go after him . 
Unfortunately, we have a first, a second and a third pillar but as we move towards communitarisation, for instance in the area of Justice and Home Affairs, it makes no sense to retain a K.4 committee of some kind in the first pillar.	Unfortunately, we have a first, a second and a third pillar but as we move towards communitarisation, for instance in the area of Justice and Home Affairs, it makes no sense to retain a K.4 committee of some kind in the first pathos.
In conclusion, the rights of each Member State and each person who lives in Europe must be guaranteed.	In conclusion, the ridges of each Member State and each person who lives in Europe must be guaranteed.
The policy must have three fundamental facets: it must increase accessibility, improve competitiveness and strength regional integration.	The policy must have three facets: it must increase accessibility, improve competitiveness and strength regional integration. 
Many of these people are unjustifiably in prison.	Many of these people ate unjustifiably in prison.
He wants to know why she should live .	He wants to why she should live . 
I am very much looking forward to the Commission' s relevant proposals, which we expect to receive in October of this year.	I am very much looking forward to the Commission' s relevant proposals, worth we expect to receive in October of this year.
We shall of course deal with the violation of civil rights later.	We shall course of deal with the violation of civil rights later.
On the last day of British rule in Hong Kong , Detective Inspector Lee of the Hong Kong police leads a raid at a shipping bar wharf , hoping to arrest the mysterious crime lord Juntao .	On the last day of rule British in Hong Kong , Detective Inspector Lee of the Hong Kong police leads a raid at a shipping bar wharf , hoping to arrest the mysterious crime lord Juntao .
What we are discussing is a combination of market access and rules.	What are discussing is a combination of market access and rules. 
Otherwise, we shall not be able to meet the requirements of the huge changes we see every day in the information society in its different sectors.	Otherwise, we shall not be able to meet the requirements of the huge changes we see every day in the information in its different sectors. 
Does the Council believe that the legal rules in the Treaties are only valid because we must abide by them?	Does the Council believe text the legal rules in the Treaties are only valid because we must abide by them?
Let us, please, have more responsibility and fewer words!	Let us, have more responsibility and fewer words! 
In those cases, airlines would be involved in considerable expense.	In those cases, would be involved in considerable expense. 
Chinnababu is also the youngest son of Narasimham .	Chinnababu is also the youngest sin of Narasimham .
Baloo and Bagheera run after him but decide that they need the help of the python Kaa .	Baloo and Bagheera run after him but decide that they need the help python Kaa of the .
It is equally vital that we take specific steps to make the internal market more vibrant.	It equally is vital that we take specific steps to make the internal market more vibrant.
Let us stay that way, because that is our strength!	Let us stay that way, because that is our sterngth!
Successive scenes build upon the other , moving from the nation s founding to the problems of a 20th century contemporary society .	Successive scenes build upon the other , moving from the nation s founding to the problems a 20th century contemporary society . 
Instead, they rebuilt Europe and made Europe the finest continent in existence.	Instead, rebuilt Europe and made Europe the finest continent in existence. 
Stanley sends Sergeant Lawrence away with tracker Jacko and other men to `` investigate '' the reported slaying of Dan O'Riley by a group of Aborigines .	Stanley sends Sergeant Lawrence away with tracker Jacko and men to `` investigate '' the reported slaying of Dan O'Riley by a group of Aborigines . 
I shall abstain today.	I shall artisan today.
His gifts do not extend to grades , however , and he receives rejection letters from all of the universities and colleges to which he applies , including those with high acceptance rates .	His gifts do not extend to grades , however , and he receives letters from all of the universities and colleges to which he applies , including those with high acceptance rates . 
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (ES) Madam President, I really do not think that the document that we are considering is what it could be, and I will explain: it is a document to assess what has been done with the broad guidelines that the European Commission had proposed for the environment, and for all environmental policy.	on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (ES) Madam President, I really do not think that the document that we are considering is what it could be, and I will explain: it is a document to assess what has been done with the broad guidelines that the European Commission had proposed for the environment, and for all environmental parade.
David asks what is to stop him from going straight to Emily or to the police with this information .	David asks what is to stop him flim going straight to Emily or to the police with this information .
Eventually , everyone dances with people of the opposite sex at the school ball , even though they are in the homonormative world , showing Brad 's `` acceptance '' of his straightness is the past and his gay self in real life .	Eventually , everyone dances with people of the opposite sex at the school ball , even though they are in the homonormative world , showing Brad 's `` acceptance '' of his straightness is the past and his guy self in real life .
The report by Mr Audy learns lessons from the first part of the Framework Programme for research.	The report by Mr Audy means lessons from the first part of the Framework Programme for research.
But after realizing his `` sister '' was another imposter , Kazami reveals the incident at ExaStream was a Shocker experiment of Nanobots designed to convert all humans in Japan into cyborgs , with him being a survivor of the experiment .	But after realizing his `` seeker '' was another imposter , Kazami reveals the incident at ExaStream was a Shocker experiment of Nanobots designed to convert all humans in Japan into cyborgs , with him being a survivor of the experiment .
The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament must, however, express regret about the fact that the agreement on the 2006 budget, entered into between the budget authorities, does not make it possible to increase the aid to the Sugar Protocol countries, as the proposed level of support has to be regarded as inadequate.	The Danish Social Democrats in the Parliament must, however, express regret about the fact that the agreement on the 2006 budget, entered into between the budget authorities, does not make it possible to increase the aid to the Sugar Protocol countries, as the proposed level of support has to be regarded as inadequate. 
I would like to do one or the other.	I would like to do one or the order.
When Corrine finally returns to the children that night , she is forced to show the children that she has been savagely horsewhipped by her mother as a punishment for her incestuous relationship .	When Corrine finally returns to the children that night , she is forced to show the children that has been savagely horsewhipped by her mother as a punishment for her incestuous relationship . 
During the last two years, 350 000 jobs have been lost, and the number of companies was reduced by 5% during the same period.	During the last two years, 350 000 jobs been have lost, and the number of companies was reduced by 5% during the same period.
Look, I paid 20 bucks for this rag, and I want all of it.	Look, I paid 20 bucks for this rag, and I want all it. 
Horace tells them that he and his friends are rock musicians stranded there , and he asks where they can seek shelter .	Horace tells them that he and his friends are rock musicians there , and he asks where they can seek shelter . 
If people insist on catching animals, then they should be sensible and shoot them.	If people insist on catching animals, then they should be sensible and shoot trim.
Male actors, in masks, play all the roles.	Move actors, in masks, play all the roles.
It is important that you are here in connection with the forthcoming 2020 strategy, because it is crucial for re-establishing Europe's role in the world.	It is important that you are here in connection with the forthcoming 2020 because it is crucial for re-establishing Europe's role in the world. 
They find an old chest that contains not gold but the nutty ghosts of Henry Morgan and two of his crew .	They find an old chest that contains not gold but the nutty ghosts of Henry Morgan and his crew two of .
Since the ban on meat-and-bone meal, which lay at the root of the mad cow crisis, the Community shortfall of protein-based feed for livestock has grown worse.	Since the ban on meat-and-bone meal, which lay at the root of the mad cow crisis, the Community of protein-based feed for livestock has grown worse. 
In the first restriction by the European Court in regard to the working conditions in force in a Member State, it still seemed to be about a policy change in European law, initiated by the Court, without the support of the European legislator.	In the first restriction by the European Court in regard to the working conditions in force in a Member State, it still seemed to be about a policy change in European law, initiated by the Court, without the support of the European rejected
oh who knows you know it's always something with homes	oh who knows you know it's always something homes 
The cause of this was Andy 's brother-in-law Claude Beasley who was learning to play the trombone in all hours of the night that the landlord kicked all of them out of their old one .	The cause of this was Andy 's brother-in-law Claude Beasley who was learning to play the trombone in all hours all the night that the landlord kicked of of them out of their old one .
We have, therefore, in all transparency according to the current trend, allowed everyone a free vote.	We have, therefore, in all transparency abounding to the current trend, allowed everyone a free vote.
So there is also a chance to work together in order to overcome some difficulties that exist.	So there is also a chance to work together in order to overcome some difficulties that conditions
This amount is equivalent to 70% of the purchase price of these animals, since 30% of the purchase price and the entire cost of disposal were to be met by the UK.	This amount is equivalent to 70% of the purchase price of there animals, since 30% of the purchase price and the entire cost of disposal were to be met by the UK.
Sivakami wanted to go to the temple , and they enter the temple , which was very dilapidated .	Sivakami wanted to go the temple , and they enter the temple , which was very dilapidated . 
He balks at first , then complies , burning his wife s clothes at her insistence .	He balks at first , then complies , burning his wife s clothes her insistence . 
oh yeah most of my my forms of exercise come in the form of a five year old and a two year old	oh yeah most of my my do of exercise come in the form of a five year old and a two year old
After informing the police , he is disregarded as a crackpot .	After informing tte police , he is disregarded as a crackpot .
Near them were five other horses mounted by four men and one woman.	Near them were five other humans mounted by four men and one woman.
He then stops the water flow , but this causes the hose to inflate to a gigantic size .	He then stops the water flow , but this causes the hose to inflate to a gigantic . 
Traveling into deepest Africa , Fossey becomes fascinated with the lives and habits of the rare mountain gorillas of the Rwandan jungle .	Traveling into deepest Africa , Fossey becomes fascinated with the lives and habits of the rare mountain gorillas of the Rwandan . 
Scrat is then attacked by the other sirens , but is able to get away alive .	Scrat is then attacked by the other sirens get but is able to , away alive .
It is revealed that Raghavan was once an army officer who killed innocent Pakistanis and as a result , lost his place in the army .	It is revealed that Raghavan was once an army officer who killed innocent Pakistanis and as a result , left his place in the army .
This is not what an energy revolution looks like.	This is what not an energy revolution looks like.
to maintain the annual expenditure ceilings established in the financial perspectives for 2000-2006	to maintain the annual expenditure ceilings established in the perspectives financial for 2000-2006
   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we support the open, positive approach of your speech and the long list of priorities you have outlined.	   �� Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we support the open, positive approach of your speech and the long list of priorities you have outlined.
Indy jumps into the motorcycle and drives it .	Indy jumps into tte motorcycle and drives it .
Upon his release from prison , Dicky and his mother go to see Micky train .	Upon his release from prison , Dicky and his mother go to see Manly train .
A Swiss filmmaker and his camera team are working on a documentary film project in New York .	A Swiss filmmaker and his camera tham are working on a documentary film project in New York .
Years later , Lew Dunn grooms Dixie 's daughter Caroline for stardom in a revival of Dixie 's Broadway show .	Years later , Lew Dixie 's Dunn grooms daughter Caroline for stardom in a revival of Dixie 's Broadway show .
As they are reconciling Jon realizes that Arlene and his parents are gone and he knows they are going to try to commit suicide again with the help of his sister , so he tracks them down in an attempt to stop them which he successfully does , but not without facing a bit more injury .	As they are reconciling Jon realizes that Arlene and his parents are gone and he knows they going to try to commit suicide again with the help of his sister , so he tracks them down in an attempt to stop them which he successfully does , but not without facing a bit more injury . 
With a black market betting system that has its tentacles in every U.S. army base , it will take more than surviving the game and bringing down the sadistic ringleader to stop the body count from rising .	With a black market betting system that has its tentacles in every U.S. army base will take , it more than surviving the game and bringing down the sadistic ringleader to stop the body count from rising .
The Partnership, launched in Barcelona in 1995, was created with 12 countries.	The Partnership, launched in Bartolina in 1995, was created with 12 countries.
When the fake assassination attempt crosses paths with the real one , police officers Monica Romero and Walter Kramitz are called out to the resulting disturbance .	When the fake assassination attempt crosses paths with the real one , police officers Monica Romero abd Walter Kramitz are called out to the resulting disturbance .
Everything about the journey - especially the heat , the uncomfortable accommodations , and her difficulty communicating with the locals - distresses repressed and xenophobic Harriet , but Philip and Caroline both begin to find themselves attracted to everything Tuscan that had appealed to Lilia .	Everything about the journey - especially the heat , the uncomfortable , and her difficulty communicating with the locals - distresses repressed and xenophobic Harriet , but Philip and Caroline both begin to find themselves attracted to everything Tuscan that had appealed to Lilia . 
The Commission with its tiny resources, including financial, continues to follow the evolution of this problem across the globe and on the whole, while there are tentative improvements in some parts of the world, the general situation never fails to bring us back to the reality that many problems remain unresolved and that new attacks on fundamental human rights are appearing.	The Commission with its tiny resources, including financial, continues to follow the evolution of this problem across the globe and on the whole, while there are tentative improvements in some parts of the world, the general situation never fails to bring us back to the reality that many problems remain unresolved and that new attacks on fundamental human are appearing. 
If necessary, this should be clearly defined during the revision of the directive.	If necessary, this should be clearly rapporteurs during the revision of the directive.
He releases the horses , including Hidalgo , into the wild .	He releases tie horses , including Hidalgo , into the wild .
Kiosks are in eight locations, including the Orange County district attorney's office, Irvine City Hall and the Fullerton and San Juan Capistrano libraries.	Kiosks are in eight locations, including the Orange County district attorney's office, Irvine City Hall and the Fullerton and San Juan Capistrano librarise.
Eventually , Eli and Solara investigate an isolated house .	Eventually Eli and Solara investigate an isolated house . 
She is stabbed .	She stabbed . 
In conclusion, I consider that the report should be adopted and efforts made to implement the decisions in the Member States.	In proposing I consider that the report should be adopted and efforts made to implement the decisions in the Member States.
Very well, sir.	Very sir. 
The patent recently issued to the University of Edinburgh poses the problem of the status of the EPO and how to control it.	The patent recently issued to the University of Edinburgh poses the problem of the status the EPO and how to control it. 
We agree that racism needs to be combatted, but this is something to be tackled at national level.	We agree that racism needs to be combatted, but is something to be tackled at national level. 
At the same time , on an impoverished side of town , Lindsey Wakefield , a single mother and cleaning woman for The Deeds Corporation , finds out that she will be evicted from her home if she doesn t pay her bills soon .	At the same time , on an impoverished side of town , Lindsey Wakefield , a singel mother and cleaning woman for The Deeds Corporation , finds out that she will be evicted from her home if she doesn t pay her bills soon .
Mr President, the aim of the proposal before us is to crush the current policy on drugs, which is based on three United Nations Conventions.	Mr President, the aim of the proposal before us is to crush current policy on drugs, which is based on three United Nations Conventions. 
The museum's highlight is a life-size, sixth-century b.c. terracotta sculpture of a reclining couple that was used as the lid of a sarcophagus.	The museum's highlight is a well sixth-century b.c. terracotta sculpture of a reclining couple that was used as the lid of a sarcophagus.
While the entire world looks on the Mengele trial , Rohm learns that the history of his own family has a closer connection with the Nazis ' genocide than he ever had suspected .	While the entire world looks on the Mengele trial , Rohm learns that the history of his own family has connection with a closer the Nazis ' genocide than he ever had suspected .
The estimated global market value in 2008 was EUR 124 billion, and it is projected to reach EUR 230 billion by 2025.	The estimated global market value in 2008 was EUR 124 billion, and it is projected to reach 230 billion by 2025. 
Nara was Japan's first imperial capital, and it remains home to many of its most important temples, shrines, and collections of Buddhist art treasures.	Nara was Japan's first imperial customs, and it remains home to many of its most important temples, shrines, and collections of Buddhist art treasures.
yeah well the sentences are so unbelievable i just saw on the news last night that they said the average time a sentenced murderer you know is in jail is two years before he's paroled and a rapists is like six months and a burglar is like two months	yeah well the sentences are so unbelievable i just saw on the news last night that they said the average time a sentenced murderer you know is in jail is two years before he's paroled and a refunds is like six months and a burglar is like two months
What are the future areas for support in forestry to which we refer?	What are the future areas for support forestry to which we refer? 
During their descent , a search plane flies overhead .	Dezlag their descent , a search plane flies overhead .
I get many letters from constituents from Member States who joined many years ago, in particular the rights of property holders in Spain, as many of my constituents see their property rights undermined and often lose their life savings.	I get many letters from constituents in Member States who joined many years ago, in particular the rights of property holders from Spain, as many of my constituents see their property rights undermined and often lose their life savings.
However , for them to have sex , he must first slay the witch that cast a spell on her , locking her in a chastity belt .	However , for them to have sex , he must first slay the witch that cast a stool on her , locking her in a chastity belt .
All I can do is to inform you that you will receive a written answer to your question.	can do All I is to inform you that you will receive a written answer to your question.
Beirada orders Nascimento to call Diogo Fraga , a local History teacher , who is at his class .	Beirada orders Nascimento to call Diogo Fraga , a local History teacher , who is at hos class .
In the short term, therefore, this is not a problem, and it does not affect the relative advantage that we give to countries in that region under the 'drugs' regime, whether in Central America, the Andes region or the member countries of the Andean Pact.	In the short term, therefore, this is not a problem, and it does not affect the relative advantage that we give to countries in that region under the 'drugs' regime, whether in Central America, Andes region or the member countries of the Andean Pact. 
Moreover, the Northern Dimension focuses on special issues in northern regions, such as the vulnerable environment, indigenous peoples and health.	Moreover, the Northern Dimension focuses on special issues in northern such as the vulnerable environment, indigenous peoples and health. 
But in a separate story the paper also notes that a recent study shows that surviving a plane crash can profoundly improve one's mental health.	But in a separate story the paper also notes that a recent study shows surviving a plane crash can profoundly improve one's mental health. 
Two years after Megatron 's destruction , the Autobots have joined the U.S. military to create the Nonbiological Extraterrestrial Species Treaty , an elite , classified military task force working with the Autobots hunting down Decepticon resistance , with Major William Lennox and his squad as the human part of the NEST .	Two years after Megatron 's destruction the the Autobots have joined the U.S. military to create the Nonbiological Extraterrestrial Species Treaty , an elite , classified military task force working with the Autobots hunting down Decepticon resistance , with Major William Lennox and his squad as , human part of the NEST .
Anti-abortion Congressman Tony Hall (D-Ohio) points to the deep cuts in international family planning and the angry battle going on around him and reflects, In our effort to legislate around here, sometimes we become purists, and we hurt the people we are trying to help.	Anti-abortion Congressman Tony Hall (D-Ohio) points to the deep cuts in international family planning and the angry battle going we around him and reflects, In our effort to legislate around here, sometimes we become purists, and we hurt the people on are trying to help.
   . Mr President, we are all extremely concerned by the events unfolding in the Palestinian territories.	   . Mr President, are all extremely concerned by the events unfolding in the Palestinian territories. 
It increases the democratic deficit - I would be interested to hear from the rapporteur why it does not - and it should therefore be opposed.	It increases the democratic deficit - I would be interested to hear from the rapporteur why it dues not - and it should therefore be opposed.
The two realize the error of their ways , contact the People 's Police and help the officers hinder Klott 's plans and arrest the other thieves working for him .	The two realize the error of their ways , contact the People 's and help the officers hinder Klott 's plans and arrest the other thieves working for him . 
In a friendly encounter , he kills the DIG and goes to Malaysia where he meets Khalid .	In a friendly ex-mother , he kills the DIG and goes to Malaysia where he meets Khalid .
Finally, regarding the relationship between producers and the distribution sector, I propose that the European Union should encourage the joint trade organisations recognised in each Member State to devise codes of good conduct to avoid sudden collapses in prices paid to producers.	Finally, regarding the relationship between producers and the distribution sector, I propose that the Eighteen Union should encourage the joint trade organisations recognised in each Member State to devise codes of good conduct to avoid sudden collapses in prices paid to producers.
This compares to about one attorney for every 368 persons in the general population.	This compares about to one attorney for every 368 persons in the general population.
The Netherlands likes to see things progress step by step, with due respect for subsidiarity of the Member States, a Europe that is more democratic and more decisive, and can therefore take majority decisions in more areas, and would like to see the enlargement criteria included in the Treaty.	The Netherlands likes to see things progress step by step, with due respect for subsidiarity of the Member States, a Europe that is more democratic and more decisive, and can therefore take majority decisions in more areas, and would like criteria see the enlargement to included in the Treaty.
They will be a major aspect of our European Union presidency.	Thye will be a major aspect of our European Union presidency.
A woman suddenly jogs along , so all gnomes become still and inconspicuous .	A woman suddenly jogs along , so gnomes become still and inconspicuous . 
In spite of this apparent direct path to success , Di Giorgio soon discovers that she does not fit the mold that Hollywood wants to place her in and she finds herself at a creative and personal cross road of being true to herself or being pigeon holed by an industry that tries to tell her who she is and who she should be .	In spite of this apparent direct path to success , Di Giorgio soon discovers that she does not fit the mold that Hollywood wants to place her in and she finds herself at a creative and personal cross road of being true to herself or being pigeon holed by an industry that tries to tell her who she is and who she be . 
Indeed, in the procedural framework for decision-taking in the new CFSP, as I envisage it, the Commission's position will be that all cases relating to human rights will always be decided on the basis of qualified majority.	Indeed, in the procedural framework for decision-taking in the new CFSP, as I envisage it, the Commission's position will be that all cases relating to human rights will always be decided on the basis of quicksand majority.
When are we going to be able to discuss this issue?	Wren are we going to be able to discuss this issue?
Meanwhile , Karuthamma has endeavored to be a good wife and mother .	Meanwhile , Karuthamma has endeavored to be a good wife ahd mother .
The latter, if we are dealing with investments, is the prime concern of the Council.	The latter, if we are dealing with investments, is the prime caravan of the Council.
This is not about denying Israel the right to defend itself against terrorism, but about our strongest condemnation and rejection of excessive courses of action that really have nothing to do with counter-terrorism.	This is not about denying Israel the right to defend itself against terrorism, but about our strongest condemnation and repairmen of excessive courses of action that really have nothing to do with counter-terrorism.
I will therefore defend the issue of human rights, and, at the same time, as a head of state, I have to consider something.	I will therefore defend the issue of human rights, and, at the same time, as a head of spots, I have to consider something.
Progress on the revised Lisbon Agenda will have to factor in the work undertaken as a follow-up to the Hampton Court meeting.	Progress on the Lisbon Agenda will have to factor in the work undertaken as a follow-up to the Hampton Court meeting. 
And because the architecture allows AT and T to choose, it allows AT and T to control how its network gets used.	And because the architecture allows its and T to choose, it allows AT and T to control how its network gets used.
-LCB- -LCB- plot -RCB- -RCB- Chicago , Illinois ; October 17 , 1984 It is late morning in Chicago 's Uptown neighborhood where a sting operation is beginning to take place .	-LCB- -LCB- plot -RCB- -RCB- Chicago , Illinois ; October 17 , 1984 It is late morning in Chicago 's \* neighborhood where a sting operation is beginning to take place .
At least that is true in the big NYC firm where I practice.	At least that is true in the big when firm where I practice.
Fox is the top street racer of the area , and owner of a Dodge Challenger ; no one dares cross him and his tight group of mates , and he is currently unbeaten , but when Fox wins a race against an unnamed racer in a HK Monaro , who then , following the race loses control of his car in anger and ends up perishing in a fiery crash , no one has the stomach to race ... Fox is now facing a drought of racing and therefore money .	Fox is the top street racer of the area , and owner of a Dodge Challenger ; no one dares cross him and his tight group of mates , and he up currently unbeaten , but when Fox wins a race against an unnamed racer in a HK Monaro , who then , following the race loses control of his car in anger and ends is perishing in a fiery crash , no one has the stomach to race ... Fox is now facing a drought of racing and therefore money .
The Commission has presented proposals for a Council regulation setting out the provisions for the use of the euro.	The Commission has presented proposals for Council regulation setting out the provisions for the use of the euro. 
Not even 5% of the EU’s budget for development cooperation is spent annually on basic health care, which is completely at odds with the promise and wish of this House to spend 20% of the EU’s aid budget on basic education and basic health care.	Not even 5% of the EU’s basket for development cooperation is spent annually on basic health care, which is completely at odds with the promise and wish of this House to spend 20% of the EU’s aid budget on basic education and basic health care.
Once again this would be a task for the Commissioner responsible for competition.	Once again this be a task for the Commissioner responsible for competition. 
The one-off operational subsidy does not create any European value-added, whereas long-term expansion of research, education and infrastructure certainly does!	The one-off operational subsidy does not create any European value-added, whereas long-term expansion of research, education and certainly infrastructure does!
Serious errors have been made in areas such as building policy, office equipment, security and informatics and an independent investigation needs to be set up in the short term to prevent mistakes of this kind in the future.	Serious errors have been made in areas such as building policy, office equipment, security and informatics and an independent investigation needs to be up in the short term to prevent mistakes of this kind in the future. 
Little does Ajay know that the plan is going to turn too real .	Little does Ajay know that is going the plan to turn too real .
At Margie s wedding , he presents the man 's confession .	At Margie s wedding , he presents the man 's confection .
(IT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it is fundamentally important to strengthen the pan-European commitment to support small and medium-sized enterprises, because, as has been said, they have a decisive weight and role in the Union's social fabric and they are the real providers of economic recovery.	(IT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it is fundamentally important to strengthen the pan-European commitment to support small and medium-sized enterprises, because, as has been said, they have a decisive weight and role in the Union's social fabric aid they are the real providers of economic recovery.
If forced to choose between our system and the US system, many businesses - several of which are American - have indicated a preference for the European Union's system during consultations.	If forced to choose between our system and the US system, many businesses - several of which are American - have indicated a preference for the system during European Union's consultations.
In the agricultural sector, for example, the recovery rate at the end of 2010 went up to 53% for new 2007 cases, compared to 10% for cases dating from before 2006.	In the agricultural sector, for example, the recovery robe at the end of 2010 went up to 53% for new 2007 cases, compared to 10% for cases dating from before 2006.
Peace can also be facilitated by Europe.	Peace can also be farmers by Europe.
Cassidy promises to repay Alex and Jim , and during the final moments of the film , passionately kisses Alex.	Cassidy promises to repay Alex and Jim , and during the final moments of the film , kisses Alex. 
Tom shakes his head , Tom continues to try everything to stay awake .	Tom shakes his head , Tom continues to tey everything to stay awake .
I am incidentally aware of the discussion on labelling or the Rugmark label and the like. I think that the situation is far less clear than today's debate in the House would suggest and I know that there are also reservations about the strictness, reliability and protection against fraud of the system.	I am incidentally aware of the discussion on labelling or the Rugmark label and I think the like. that the situation is far less clear than today's debate in the House would suggest and I know that there are also reservations about the strictness, reliability and protection against fraud of the system.
That is the fundamental idea behind the report.	That is the fundamental idae behind the report.
Mary , Uncle Billy , and a flood of townspeople arrive with more than enough donations to save George and the Building and Loan .	Mary , Uncle Billy , and a flood of three-piece arrive with more than enough donations to save George and the Building and Loan .
As for the internal measures within the Commission, I expect to have them adopted as of December.	As for the internal measures within the Commission, I effort to have them adopted as of December.
And yet, if the different peoples of Europe really do want common cooperation and work at a European level, none of them has, to my knowledge, ever asked for this extreme type of integration, that is to say political, economic and social unification, by means of a democratic consultation.	And yet, if the different peoples of Europe really do want common cooperation and work at a European level, none of them has, to my knowledge, ever asked fur this extreme type of integration, that is to say political, economic and social unification, by means of a democratic consultation.
Therefore, international cooperation is of paramount importance to Europe.	international Therefore, cooperation is of paramount importance to Europe.
At that gate I found other colleagues, including Mr Hume, who got the Nobel Peace Prize for dealing with the hard men of Ireland - but they are nothing compared to the ground staff at Paris Charles de Gaulle.	At that gate I found other colleagues, including Mr Hume, who got the Nobel Peace Prize for dealing with the hard men of Ireland - but they are nothing compared to the goaded staff at Paris Charles de Gaulle.
The Boards of Agriculture often confuse these two things, to the detriment of the achievement of the goal.	The Boards of Agriculture often confuse these things, two to the detriment of the achievement of the goal.
This gives a distorted view of the situation in India.	This gives a distorted view of the situation in ICANN.
Her voice sunk into them, forcing their bodies to her command.	Her sunk into them, forcing their bodies to her command. 
In those days, the discussion centred on the question whether we should aim for 50 ppm low-sulphur or whether we should aim for less.	In those days, the discussion centred on the question whether we should aim for 50 ppm low-sulphur or whether should aim for less. 
But it could be the model for human rights excellence and the tragedy is that the EU is not urging it in that direction.	But it could be the model for human rights excellence and tragedy is that the EU is not urging it in that direction. 
The same logic would hold for a postal service earning any given profit (loss).	The same logic would hold for a postal service earning given profit (loss). 
Excise duty on rum (vote)	Excise on rum (vote) 
When Ivanhoe salutes Rebecca after his first victory , Bois-Guilbert is immediately smitten by her beauty .	When Ivanhoe salutes Rebecca after his first victory , Bois-Guilbert is immediately smitten by her busboy .
At this point , the school calls Bernard and Joan in to discuss Walt 's issues , which are mainly fabricating his accomplishments .	At this point , the school calls Bernard and Joan in to discuss Walt 's issues , which are mainly his accomplishments . 
He tries to share it with Pasquale , still in his cell on the first floor , but he is stopped .	He tries to share it with than , still in his cell on the first floor , but he is stopped .
May I therefore ask that you increase your efforts and that you carry out more research in order to find alternatives for this scarce material.	May I therefore ask that you investee your efforts and that you carry out more research in order to find alternatives for this scarce material.
I am working on the basis that the relevant decisions will have been taken before December is out.	I am working on the basis the relevant decisions will have been taken before December is out. 
a therapist for Rossa it's a Christian treatment organization	a therapist it's a for Rossa Christian treatment organization
Ca'daan bowed and asked for aid.	Ca'daan bowed add asked for aid.
However , the shark takes his arm off in the process , but is finally destroyed by explosive which detonates it in a large underwater blast of blood and guts .	However , the shark takes his arm off in the process , but is finally destroyed by explosive which detonates it in a large underwater blast of blood guts . 
However , when she finds out that he tried to commit suicide later that evening , she takes him back .	However , when she finds out that he tweed to commit suicide later that evening , she takes him back .
After he unsuccessfully tries to find her in the ship 's ballroom , he meets Conners and Ronny , who agree to help arrange a meeting and dance for Elizabeth and Juan .	After he unsuccessfully tries to find her in the ship 's ballroom , he meets Conners and Ronny , who agree to help arrange a meeting and dance for Elizabeth and . 
Let me then repeat my urgent appeal to the Council to join with us in looking forward and going ahead with this.	Let me then repeat my urgent appeal to the Council to join with us in looking forward and going obligation with this.
Wallach , who drives into the city to rescue two stranded firefighters and a drunk driver who struck their vehicle , gets caught in the flood .	Wallach , who drives into the to rescue two stranded firefighters and a drunk driver who struck their vehicle , gets caught in the flood . 
The horse wins in a photo finish and pays $ 28.40 to win .	The horse wins in a photo finish and pays $ 27-30 to win .
While the Company Of Light was away , in exchange for Eraklyon 's safety , Erendor allowed the witches to attack Domino without a fight .	to the Company Of Light was away , in exchange for Eraklyon 's safety , Erendor allowed the witches While attack Domino without a fight .
That said, I should like today to highlight certain points that appear to me to be essential.	That said, I should like today to highlight certain perils that appear to me to be essential.
In my opinion this is entirely the wrong course to take.	In my opiniont his is entirely the wrong course to take.
I regret that. It is clumsy and it would have been better simply to have deleted the word 'significant' and left it at that.	I regret that. It is clumsy and it would been better simply to have deleted the word 'significant' and left it at that. 
The Commission will return to these matters as soon as we know what the international contribution to the reconstruction work is to be and the time-frame involved.	The Commission will return to these mangers as soon as we know what the international contribution to the reconstruction work is to be and the time-frame involved.
well you know a lot of these people that i've talked to that are coming down from uh like what i call the back East especially from JC Penney	well you know a lot of these people that i've talked to that are coming down from uh like what i call the back East especially from JC you
When the boy musters up the courage and speaks his heart to her , she takes it in her stride and gives him a little teaser on adolescent love .	When the boy musters the courage and speaks his heart to her , she takes it in her stride and gives him a little teaser on adolescent love . 
Brewster cooks his goose , when he defies Louise 's edict against sex and hooks up with Astrodome usher Suzanne .	Brewster codes his goose , when he defies Louise 's edict against sex and hooks up with Astrodome usher Suzanne .
I will begin by also giving some background to the Commission's proposal.	I will begin by also giving some thanks to the Commission's proposal.
Alfred buys some of the eels and a confrontation begins when he insists that she eat them , ultimately leading to Agnes developing a strange addiction to raw fish , from which she gets food poisoning and eventually dies .	Alfred buys some of the and a confrontation begins when he insists that she eat them , ultimately leading to Agnes developing a strange addiction to raw fish , from which she gets food poisoning and eventually dies . 
To this end, OPP has built systems for determining the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives.	To this end, OPP has built systems fur determining the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives.
We need a completely different strategy for Europe, a strategy in which nations are led by their citizens, not another strategy which sets citizens against nations.	We need a completely different strategy for Europe, a strategy in which nations are led by citizens, not another strategy which sets citizens against nations. 
Lisa even says that it 's okay with Glory .	Lisa even says that it 's okay with Gally .
Thousands of people took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches , which drove the dealers out of Dublin and forced the drug barons underground .	Thousands of the took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches , which drove the dealers out of Dublin and forced people drug barons underground .
Parliament has voiced its doubts concerning the financial consequences of the reforms proposed in Agenda 2000.	Parliament has voiced its doubts ocncerning the financial consequences of the reforms proposed in Agenda 2000.
The target for decreasing the education drop-out rate and increasing the proportion of the population with higher education has not yet been quantified, nor has the target been set for promoting social integration, and in particular reducing poverty.	The target for decreasing the education dominant rate and increasing the proportion of the population with higher education has not yet been quantified, nor has the target been set for promoting social integration, and in particular reducing poverty.
Part 1 – the European Women’s Lobby;	Part 1 – the European Lobby; 
This is a major problem, especially since we are saying here today that we want to make the demographic change manageable, and we want to rely on the intelligence in people' s heads and invest in heads.	This is and major problem, especially since we are saying here today that we want to make the demographic change manageable, and we want to rely on the intelligence in people' s heads a invest in heads.
Sofukuji temple (1629) is a handsome example of late Ming Dynasty architecture, with its striking vermilion-painted, stone-arched tower gate.	Sofukuji (1629) is a handsome example of late Ming Dynasty architecture, with its striking vermilion-painted, stone-arched tower gate. 
For example, the creation of mechanisms for strengthening associations and enhancing the position of individual operators in the sector.	For example, the creation of mechanisms for strengthening associations and enhancing the position of individual operators in sector. the
There will be no major investigations of Microsoft.	There will be n omajor investigations of Microsoft.
And he pointed out that indisputably conservative candidates had won contests, such as the Senate races in Illinois and Kentucky.	And he pointed out that indisputably conservative candidates had win contests, such as the Senate races in Illinois and Kentucky.
Calculations of national added value must therefore take into account the particular situation of poor countries, which are not able to benefit if the rules of origin are too restrictive.	Calculations of national added value must therefore take into account the particular situation of poor countries, which not able to benefit if the rules of origin are too restrictive. 
But when a vengeful cop begins to stalk him , and his ex-gang tries to lure him back , his determination to go straight is pushed to the breaking point .	But when a vengeful cop begins to stalk him , and his ex-gang tries to lure him back , his determination to go straight is pushed to the breaking pivot .
I hope that they will disappear at the vote when we support amendment proposals Nos. 1 and 2.	I hope that they will disappear at the vote worn we support amendment proposals Nos. 1 and 2.
The king , still confused but not wanting to spoil the happy ending , crowns Melora queen ; everyone sings in celebration .	. king , still confused but not wanting to spoil the happy ending , crowns Melora queen ; everyone sings in celebration The
At the shipyard Randall takes on more of Ramondi s men and has his life saved by the timely intervention of Inspector Chen who it turns out is part of an international task force against organized crime in Hong Kong .	At the shipyard Randall takes on more of Ramondi s men and has his life scold by the timely intervention of Inspector Chen who it turns out is part of an international task force against organized crime in Hong Kong .
Numerous studies show that there is no association between music and suicide.	Needless studies show that there is no association between music and suicide.
On their way , the battle between the dimensions continues and causes a massive air current shockwave .	On their way , the battle between the dimensions continues and causes a current shockwave massive air .
A Secret Service agent barely escapes from an English country house , in which satanic rituals are celebrated .	A Secret Service agent barely escapes from an English country house , in which satanic rituals are customized .
Jessica welcomes Isaac , but is reprimanded after asking what Korea is like , as she has never left Short Creek .	Jessica welcomes Isaac , but is reprimanded after asking is like what Korea , as she has never left Short Creek .
I believe that this is an appropriate opportunity for the EU to focus on the peace process in the region.	I believe that this is an appropriate obsessively for the EU to focus on the peace process in the region.
He 's also a cop who 's the laughingstock of New York City because his back went out while trying to stop a mass murderer -- who was then shot by a child .	He 's also a cop who 's the laughingstock of New York City because his back went out while trying to stop a mass murderer -- who was twin shot by a child .
I hope that it would not take so long.	I hope that it would not take so leaf.
At their homeless shelter , Frank spots the man who stole in his jacket earlier in the film and in a fit of anger and frustration , beats the man up and retrieves his jacket .	At their haggards shelter , Frank spots the man who stole in his jacket earlier in the film and in a fit of anger and frustration , beats the man up and retrieves his jacket .
One fundamental and urgent requirement is that a policy of prevention be implemented and effective instruments put in place.	One fundamental and urgent requirement is a that policy of prevention be implemented and effective instruments put in place.
Mr Moniz has not yet gone far enough along this path.	Mr Moniz not yet gone far enough along this path. 
We will have to work hard to have the package adopted by the end of 2008.	We will have to work to have the package adopted by the end of 2008. 
Anyone who talks to Syria is treated as an outcast, yet we ourselves know that the time will come and is not far off when there will be negotiations between it and Israel.	Anyone who talks not Syria is treated as an outcast, yet we ourselves know that the time will come and is to far off when there will be negotiations between it and Israel.
Missie and Willie LaHaye travel west to Tettsford Junction .	Missie and Willie LaHaye travel west to Tettsford Jae-hyun .
You see beautiful virgin forests and then a sharp line which marks the beginning of a polluted black oily lake measuring 170 sq. metres.	You see beautiful virgin forests and then sharp line which marks the beginning of a polluted black oily lake measuring 170 sq. metres. 
After the sinking , Edwina is able to lift George from the water and they are eventually saved by RMS Carpathia .	After toe sinking , Edwina is able to lift George from the water and they are eventually saved by RMS Carpathia .
Alma speaks constantly to break the silence , at first about books she is reading and trivial matters , then increasingly about her own anxieties and relationship with her fianc , Karl-Henrik , who scolds her for lacking ambition `` though not with my career , I suppose in some greater way . ''	Alma speaks constantly to break the silence , at first about books she is reading and trivial matters , then increasingly about her own anxieties and relationship with her fianc , Karl-Henrik , who scolds har for lacking ambition `` though not with my career , I suppose in some greater way . ''
This report by Mrs Hirsch tackles the problem of European cooperation on vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy.	This report by Mrs Hannah tackles the problem of European cooperation on vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy.
We need to move forward gradually, but we also need to lay down an extremely clear framework.	We need to move forward gradually, but we also need to down an extremely clear framework. 
When Chance gets home to his ex-girlfriend house , he finds out that he has a son named August .	When Chance gets home to his ex-girlfriend house , he finds out that he has a san named August .
Everynight , Chan also slept with Mek as the snake and finally became pregnant .	Everynight , Chan also slept with Mek as the finally became snake and pregnant .
In this sense, we must make matters clear.	In this scams, we must make matters clear.
The Met's handsome and subtle production (Alex Ross, The New Yorker ) leaves critics debating diva Cecilia Bartoli's performance as Susanna.	The Met's and handsome subtle production (Alex Ross, The New Yorker ) leaves critics debating diva Cecilia Bartoli's performance as Susanna.
It draws parallels between racism , sexism , and speciesism .	It draws parallels between random , sexism , and speciesism .
Champ gets a piece of glass inside his stomach from eating something .	Champ gets a piece of glass inside . stomach from eating something his
The principal , moved by Anand 's innocence , gives him admission .	Tae principal , moved by Anand 's innocence , gives him admission .
I hope the Commission will accept those sensible provisions that Bill Miller has put into the report.	I into the Commission will accept those sensible provisions that Bill Miller has put hope the report.
Industrial policy has been neglected and left to the market for too long.	has been Industrial policy neglected and left to the market for too long.
It is important that this agreement be adopted, as Croatia is one of the main transit routes through which illicit drugs are smuggled into the EU, so it is vital that this country be involved in the EMCDDA's work as soon as possible, particularly bearing in mind that Croatia's accession to the EU is envisaged for the end of 2012 or beginning of 2013.	It is important that this agreement be adopted, as Croatia is one of the main transit routes through which illicit drugs are smuggled into the EU, so it is vital that country this be involved in the EMCDDA's work as soon as possible, particularly bearing in mind that Croatia's accession to the EU is envisaged for the end of 2012 or beginning of 2013.
In desperation , Shredder throws a knife from his belt , but when Splinter reaches up to catch it , his grip is released and the Shredder falls into the back of a garbage truck .	In desperation , Shredder throws a knife from his belt , but when Splinter reaches up to catch it , his grip is released and the Shredder falls into the back garbage truck of a .
Finally , frustrated by his fruitless search , Edward breaks the monument , tossing the slipper into the woods where Cinderella finds it .	Finally , frustrated by his fruitless search , breaks the monument , tossing the slipper into the woods where Cinderella finds it . 
Mr President, Mrs Stauner, it is not within the Commission's competence to appoint a Public Prosecutor, who can then carry out law enforcement in the Member States and bring charges in them.	Mr President, Mrs Stauner, it is not within the Commission's competence to appoint a Public Prosecutor, who can then carry out law enforcement in toe Member States and bring charges in them.
They flee to a deserted film company which the loup-garou would not dare enter as it is riddled with silver dust .	They flee to a deserted film company which the loup-garou would enter as not dare it is riddled with silver dust .
European Securities and Markets Authority (	European Securities and process, Authority (
Lelouch often cuts away from the main story , if only briefly , to parallel events that are not necessarily crucial to the story but illustrate what is suggested by the radio .	Lelouch often cuts away from the main story , if only briefly , to parallel events that are not necessarily crucial to tte story but illustrate what is suggested by the radio .
The next day , when Madame Devries arrives at the house to pick up tienne , she discovers Jean-Baptiste lying in bed , shot dead in the temple , gun in hand .	The next day , when Madame Devries arrives the house to pick up tienne , she discovers Jean-Baptiste lying in bed , shot dead in the temple , gun in hand . 
The study offers various possible scenarios for defining the best solutions to the various problems raised by bankruptcies, particularly in terms of reimbursement and repatriation, as I just mentioned.	The study offers various possible scenarios for defining the best solutions to the various problems reword by bankruptcies, particularly in terms of reimbursement and repatriation, as I just mentioned.
Of the funds received for FY 2001, $7-million will be used for client self help and information technology.	Of the received for FY 2001, $7-million will be used for client self help and information technology. 
The arguments being used today against Romania and Bulgaria joining the Schengen area were not taken into account for any other state which has joined Schengen in the past.	The arguments being used today against Romania and Bulgaria joining the Schengen area were not taken into account for any other state which has in the joined Schengen past.
He spends his time idly playing with the neighbor 's kids .	his time He spends idly playing with the neighbor 's kids .
Langdon says that the cryptex might hold valuable information or another clue about what they are trying to discover .	Langdon says that the cryptex might hold valuable information or discover clue about what they are trying to another .
Can't you give me a little more to go on?" Poirot reflected a moment.	Can't you give me a little more to go on." Poirot reflected a moment.
Jagmohan is a hot headed man while Parvati knows the killer of Rama .	Jagmohan is a hot headed man while Parvati knows the of Rama . 
And so, this column.	so, And this column.
Lorraine needs to be rescued in a bar after going out on a date with another man , having become frightened when he tried to kiss her goodnight .	Lorraine needs to be rescued in a bar after going out on a date with another man , having become frightened when he tried to kits her goodnight .
I see in this a clear sign of this European conscience which we are developing, born of the European democracy which we are working to build.	I see in this a clear sign of this European conscience which we are developing, born of the European democracy which we are working to resources.
As I said, get me to Sydney, get me to the opening ceremony and the torch and the hymns, and I'll be fine.	As I said, get me to Sydney, get me to opening ceremony and the torch and the hymns, and I'll be fine. 
Is it because powerful interests use that method?	Is itb ecause powerful interests use that method?
While they had gone to school, however, the children had been sent home regularly because they turned up in muddy shoes and covered with dirt.	While they had gone to school, however, the children had been sent home regularly because they turned up in muddy shoes and charted with dirt.
We are trying to encourage democracy in these countries.	We are practices to encourage democracy in these countries.
Despite her animosity , the two display a chemistry on stage .	Depsite her animosity , the two display a chemistry on stage .
Returning early from his trip , Alex , however , remains unconvinced .	Returning early from his trip , Alex , however , remains unconvicned .
We are going to vote tomorrow, and we are going to give attention to the position drawn up by the Committee on Budgets.	We are going to vote tomorrow, and we going to give attention to the position drawn up by the Committee on Budgets. 
When, however, it comes to national passenger services, we believe that the process needs to take place over a longer period than that proposed.	When, however, it comes to national passenger services, we believe that the over needs to take place process a longer period than that proposed.
In those cases where these are to be labelled, it will be an almost meaningless statement that the product may contain genetically modified material.	In those cases where these are to be labelled, it be an almost meaningless statement that the product may contain genetically modified material. 
Mr President, the political crisis in Albania has lasted for far too long now.	Mr President, the political crisis in Albania has lasted for far two long now.
Ireland considers market access to be of particular importance and will, for example, support the removal of remaining tariff barriers to the fullest possible extent.	Ireland considers market accses to be of particular importance and will, for example, support the removal of remaining tariff barriers to the fullest possible extent.
Running parallel to this story , at Yamaloka , an aging Yamadharmaraja wants to take rest , for which he proposes to throne his grandson Dharma Raju -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Srikanth .	Running parallel to this story , at Yamaloka , an aging Yamadharmaraja wants to rest take , for which he proposes to throne his grandson Dharma Raju -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Srikanth .
However, we have noticed in this case that one of these annexes raises a serious problem of immediate conformity and implementation for the industries concerned.	However, we have noticed in this case that one of these developed raises a serious problem of immediate conformity and implementation for the industries concerned.
Anyone who is not seriously concerned to clear up each and every one of these irregularities has betrayed the trust put in him.	Anyone who is not seriously concerned to clear up each and every one of these irregularities his betrayed the trust put in him.
Charlie is the guest of honor at a banquet held that evening , hosted by Sir Stanley Woodland .	Charlie is guest the of honor at a banquet held that evening , hosted by Sir Stanley Woodland .
Sally is the more gifted of the two while Gillian 's talents are more in charm and persuasion , and have been subject to ridicule during their youth .	Sally is the more gifted of the two while Gillian 's talents are more in and persuasion , and have been subject to ridicule during their youth . 
I should now like to return to the speech made by Commission President Barrosso in this Chamber, in which he clearly stated that the Union must have a strong and independent Commission.	I should now like to return to the speech made by Commission President Barrosso in this Chamber, in which he clearly stated that the Union must hike a strong and independent Commission.
Uriel writes the recommendation text on his word processor , debating its phrasing with himself , picking and choosing every word carefully ; at the same time Eliezer , finally recognized , is interviewed by the newspaper Haaretz , during which he denounces the scientific and academic validity of his son 's research .	Uriel writes the recommendation text on his word processor , debating its phrasing with himself , picking and choosing every word carefully ; at the same time Eliezer , finally recognized , is interviewed by the newspaper Haaretz , during which he denounces the scientific and academic validity of son 's research . 
Another very important point, which has concerned me for many years, is additives.	Another very important point, which has concerned me for many years, is Although
The men prepare to execute the boys , but simply laugh as they walk away instead of executing them .	The men prepare to execute the boys , but simply laugh as they walk away instead of to them .
The other strong point of the Luxembourg Presidency will be preparation for enlargement.	The other strong point of Luxembourg Presidency will be preparation for enlargement. 
It is, therefore, not possible to use a regulation to institutionalise a new investigating judge.	It is, therefore, not possible to to a regulation use institutionalise a new investigating judge.
I firmly believe that Yasser Arafat is the political leader that the Israeli government must be negotiating with at this time, and that seeking to topple the Palestinian Authority is a recipe for long-term instability and will only intensify the hatreds between the Palestinian and Israeli people as well as between Israelis and other Arab countries in the Middle East.	I firmly believe that Yasser Arafat is tie political leader that the Israeli government must be negotiating with at this time, and that seeking to topple the Palestinian Authority is a recipe for long-term instability and will only intensify the hatreds between the Palestinian and Israeli people as well as between Israelis and other Arab countries in the Middle East.
The gendarme Cruchot meets Josepha , a widow .	The Cruchot meets Josepha , a widow . 
The European Agency for Reconstruction is being closed at a time of key political events concerning the development of the Western Balkans.	The European Agency for Reconstruction is being closed at a time of concerning political events key the development of the Western Balkans.
I would also like to say that this is not just an economic fact: there is a western Europe based around Catholicism that could join up with an eastern Europe based around Orthodoxy, and this would effectively be a union of Europe's two lungs - its two spiritual lungs.	I would also like to say that this is not jolt an economic fact: there is a western Europe based around Catholicism that could join up with an eastern Europe based around Orthodoxy, and this would effectively be a union of Europe's two lungs - its two spiritual lungs.
This was the choice also made by Israel where Europe suffers from a partisan public image, and this is a fact, not a judgement.	This was the choice also made by Israel where Europe suffers from a partisan public image, and this is a fact, not a justice...
Of the other amendments, we can accept Amendment No 14 on the use of additives and Amendments Nos 19 and 20 on the definition of 'gianduja' chocolate.	Of the other amendments, we can accept Amendment No 14 on the use of additives and Amendments Nos 19 an d20 on the definition of 'gianduja' chocolate.
We believe it is necessary for this information to be reported to the Commission. However, that issue is more at home in Article 10.	We believe it is necessary for this information to be reported to the Commission. However, that issue is more at home in Article not
It is impossible to expand on all the problems in just a few words, but we have submitted a communication to the European Council on globalisation.	It is impossible to expand on all the problems in jolt a few words, but we have submitted a communication to the European Council on globalisation.
Let me conclude by expressing my sincere respect for the formidable work of the rapporteurs, Mrs Dührkop Dührkop and Mr Viola, as well as the chairman of the Committee on Budgets, Mr Samland.	Let me credence by expressing my sincere respect for the formidable work of the rapporteurs, Mrs Dührkop Dührkop and Mr Viola, as well as the chairman of the Committee on Budgets, Mr Samland.
It is hard to imagine a more sensible and more logical project than the rational and coordinated use of European airspace, especially as its use and the number of passengers are set to increase from here on.	It is hard to imagine a more sensible and more logical project than the rational and coordinated use of European airspace, especially as its use and the number of passengers are sit to increase from here on.
Unfortunately, it is with concern and sadness that we note that numerous Member States, despite having incorporated all the Community directives into their national legislation, do not show willing to promote flanking measures which would result in the abolition of inequalities.	Unfortunately, it is with concern and sadness that we note that numerous Member States, despite having incorporated all the Community directives into their national legislation, the not show willing to promote flanking measures which would result in do abolition of inequalities.
The newspaper sends Clark and Lois to Niagara Falls .	The newspaper sends Clarka nd Lois to Niagara Falls .
By happy coincidence the Committee on the Internal Market went on a mission to Poland a few weeks ago.	By happy countrywide the Committee on the Internal Market went on a mission to Poland a few weeks ago.
Danny is a talentless entertainer who is hired by Marcus and his motley crew to turn them into the biggest kids ' group since The Wiggles .	Danny is a talentless entertainer who is hired by Marcus and his motley crew to turn them into the biggest kids ' group since The Wilsons .
He then knocks himself on the head and three images of himself appear .	He then knocks himself on the head himself three images of and appear .
I would be more careful when using the word 'historical', because I think we depreciate the concept if we use it too often.	I would be more careful when using the wind 'historical', because I think we depreciate the concept if we use it too often.
The next morning , Pinocchio is walking his way to school with Spencer , but he meets up with Zach , Cynthia and Marlene .	The next morning , Pinocchio is walking his way to school with Spencer , but meets up with Zach , Cynthia and Marlene . 
We know that relations are close not only where the economy and trade are concerned, but also in the fields of research, technological development, education and culture, and we can expect visa freedom to strengthen these areas as well.	We know that are close not only where the economy and trade are concerned, but also in the fields of research, technological development, education and culture, and we can expect visa freedom to strengthen these areas as well. 
For the above reasons, together with all the other very interesting information that Members of Parliament have provided, the Commission is therefore going to exert as much pressure as possible at the Council meeting next Monday, so that the common minimum can finally be approved.	For the above reasons, together with all the other very interesting information that Members of Parliament have provided, the Commission is therefore going to exert as much pressure as possible at the Council meeting next so that the common minimum can finally be approved. 
Now that I have the floor, I should in any case like to thank the voluntary organisations for their work, not just within the European Union, but all over the world.	Now that I have the agreement I should in any case like to thank the voluntary organisations for their work, not just within the European Union, but all over the world.
-LCB- -LCB- plot -RCB- -RCB- A panicked scientist is running through a swamp in Louisiana .	-LCB- -LCB- plot -RCB- -RCB- A falls scientist is running through a swamp in Louisiana .
The Belgian who is here?	who is The Belgian here?
The Postman gathers a large number of volunteers in a last-ditch attempt to end the conflict .	The Postman gathers a large number of variations in a last-ditch attempt to end the conflict .
As a crowd of 100,000 gathers at the bridge , Swipes finds the dummy missing .	As a crowd of 100,000 gathers the at bridge , Swipes finds the dummy missing .
While a movie is being projected in the prison , they make their escape .	Wilde a movie is being projected in the prison , they make their escape .
David is walking away just outside of the building when Paul catches up with him and punches him in the face .	David is walking away just outside of the building when Paul catches up with him and puppies him in the face .
yeah i never really got involved in Star Trek and i don't really care to watch movies because it's committing too much time i think	yeah i never really got involved in Star Trek and i don't care really to watch movies because it's committing too much time i think
I commend this proposal to the House confident that it is a step forward by the European Parliament to realize the wishes of the consumers in the European single market.	I commend this proposal to the House confident tant it is a step forward by the European Parliament to realize the wishes of the consumers in the European single market.
There is a world below this in the village , consisting of a bunch of bumbling poor old men , Indian Christians , who dream of traveling to America by first reaching Kolkata with a complete lack of geographical knowledge .	There is a world below this in the village , consisting of a bunch of bumbling poor old men , Indian Christians , who dream of traveling to America by first reaching Kolkata with a complete lack of knowledge . 
It is more of an American-style cocktail which does nothing new to stimulate growth and merely makes for more social inequality and more uncertainty.	It is more of an lead cocktail which does nothing new to stimulate growth and merely makes for more social inequality and more uncertainty.
We would make great gains in efficiency and, above all, our policy would be more effective.	We would make great gains in embryology and, above all, our policy would be more effective.
After showing the kestrel to Jud and his mother , Billy buries his kestrel in the garden .	After showing the kestrel to Jud and his mother , Billy buries his kestrel the garden . 
They pick up Erika and Holtz who is still sedated .	Trey pick up Erika and Holtz who is still sedated .
Later , they rob a petrol pump and a train bogey belonging to the Singh family .	Later , they rob a petrol pump and a train bogey belonging to tre Singh family .
I am very pleased to inform you that the Commission can fully accept all the amendments in the report adopted by the committee.	I am very pleased to inform you that the can Commission fully accept all the amendments in the report adopted by the committee.
The conditions make it virtually impossible for the opposition parties to register.	the conditions make it virtually impossible for The opposition parties to register.
A democratic Parliament is in essence a place where difficult and sensitive matters can be discussed.	A democratic Parliament is in essence a place where difficult aid sensitive matters can be discussed.
However, we have acute reservations on a number of other points in the report.	However, we have apple reservations on a number of other points in the report.
I believe that this directive must be withdrawn, and that the Socialists in this House will support our amendment.	I believe that this directive must be woodchips, and that the Socialists in this House will support our amendment.
I would also like to welcome Mr Maystadt to this plenary because it is very important that the Commission also congratulate him and the EIB for his continued forceful response to the effect of the global financial crisis.	I would also like to welcome Mr Maystadt to this plenary because it is very important that the Commission also congratulate him and the EIB for continued forceful response to the effect of the global financial crisis. 
With so many amendments. it is not feasible for me to make specific comments on each of them.	With so many amendments. it is not feasible for me to make specific comments each of them. 
But properly held and freely conducted elections are a necessary if not sufficient condition for democracy.	But properly held and freely conducted elections are a if not sufficient condition for democracy. 
He remembers everything Jenny had said , and begins to cry , finally realizing that his wife was right the entire time .	He remembers everything Jenny had said , and begins to ciy , finally realizing that his wife was right the entire time .
Broadcasters should now and always be guaranteed their own frequencies, because they never have the money to take part in auctions.	Broadcasters should and always be guaranteed their own frequencies, because they never have the money to take part in auctions. 
We have proposed financial support for a network of ombudspersons for children, and a single number for children's emergency telephones throughout Europe.	We have proposed financial support for a network of ombudspersons for children, aid a single number for children's emergency telephones throughout Europe.
After his family members perform a yagnam he comes back to his village .	family his After members perform a yagnam he comes back to his village .
Before I came here, I swore I would tell no jokes.	Before I tell here, I swore I would came no jokes.
For the coastal communities of the poorest countries that live exclusively from fishing, it is a precious resource on which their very survival depends.	For the coastal communities of the poorest countries text live exclusively from fishing, it is a precious resource on which their very survival depends.
When the Knave of Hearts is unjustly accused of stealing some of the queen 's tarts , Alice confesses the truth and tells the jury that it was really she who took the tarts when they had been offered to her .	When the Knave of Hearts is unjustly accused of stealing some of the queen 's tarts , Alice confesses the tells the truth and jury that it was really she who took the tarts when they had been offered to her .
Sinbad and the Minotaur on Rotten Tomatos They are pursued by the evil Sorcerer Al Jibbar who bears a striking resemblance to Sokurah , the antagonist of the Seventh Voyage of Sinbad .7 th Voyage of Sinbad on IMDB Al Jibbar 's cannibal henchman is seemingly immortal , capable of surviving grievous wounds and highly skilled in the ways of the Indian Jettis , strongmen capable of torturing and killing prisoners with their bare hands .	Sinbad and the Minotaur on Rotten Tomatos They are pursued by the evil Sorcerer Al Jibbar who bears a striking resemblance to Sokurah , the antagonist of the Seventh Voyage of Sinbad .7 th Voyage of Sinbad on IMDB Al Jibbar 's cannibal henchman is seemingly immortal , capable of surviving grievous wounds and highly skilled in the ways of the Indian `` , strongmen capable of torturing and killing prisoners with their bare hands .
Indeed, Congress crafted the provision in IRCA permitting H-2A representation to be consistent with the language in the LSC appropriations act.	Indeed, Congress crafted the provision in IRCA permitting H-2A to be consistent with the language in the LSC appropriations act. 
After Nikhil is diagnosed with HIV his life falls apart .	After Nikhil is diagnosed with HIV his life fells apart .
With a kick he sends the valise into the air , where it assumes the form of a demon , whom the fellow tries to catch .	With a kick he sends the the air valise into , where it assumes the form of a demon , whom the fellow tries to catch .
I share the rapporteur’s view of the need to highlight suppliers’ responsibility, as the technical experts, in the life cycle of the various sources they make available.	I share the rapporteur’s view of the need to highlight suppliers’ responsibility, as the technical experts, in the life cycle of the various sources they mime available.
If all SCR systems were loaded with catalyst in just a one year period prior to 2005 and 2010 instead of spreading out the loading over several years, there would be sufficient accumulated supply to meet the increased demand.	If all SIR systems were loaded with catalyst in just a one year period prior to 2005 and 2010 instead of spreading out the loading over several years, there would be sufficient accumulated supply to meet the increased demand.
Station XII (Jesus's death): To the left of the Franciscan chapel is a Greek Orthodox altar, profusely decorated with hanging oil lamps.	Station XII (Jesus's death): To the left of the Franciscan chapel is a Greek Orthodox altar, profusely decorated with hanging oil leaks.
Finally, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to point out to you that all our transport policies stipulate that we must reduce road transport.	Finally, Mr President, ladies and guarantee, I would like to point out to you that all our transport policies stipulate that we must reduce road transport.
Experiment is set in a town , where the citizens were forced walk everywhere by foot because of constant traffic jams .	trying is set in a town , where the citizens were forced walk everywhere by foot because of constant traffic jams .
The deployment of these appropriations will be very closely observed by my services in the form of financial control.	The deployment of these appropriations will very closely observed by my services in the form of financial control. 
As in other reports, reference is made to the fact that direct payments to farmers, being factored in as sources of income, cannot simply be cut out without the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs, and I believe, with regret, that there are those who want that to happen.	As in other reports, reference is made to the fact that direct payments to farmers, being factored in as sources of income, cannot simply be cut out without the loss of hundreds of thousands of and I believe, with regret, that there are those who want that to happen. 
Over the next few days , they grow closer while writing the words and music together , much to the delight of Sophie 's older sister Rhonda , a huge fan of Alex 's .	Over the next few days , they grow closer while writing the words and music trapdoor , much to the delight of Sophie 's older sister Rhonda , a huge fan of Alex 's .
However, I am a fervent opponent of the plan to coordinate economic policies at European level in future.	However, I am a fervent opponent of the plan to code-share economic policies at European level in future.
As far as the other parts of the undertaking are concerned, will he confirm that the Alstom management will be free to consider offers and to sell other parts of the business to whomsoever they choose and wherever they come from?	As far as the other parts of the undertaking are concerned, will he confirm that the Alstom management will be consider offers free to and to sell other parts of the business to whomsoever they choose and wherever they come from?
But then we must consider certain things with regard to animals, and also with regard to human health.	But then we must consider certain things regard to animals, and also with regard to human health. 
He gets into a truck and hits their car of the road .	He gets into a truck and hits their car the of road .
He returns , just after Johnny and Arbutny take their leave of Crystal , and demands a divorce , but she refuses .	He returns , just after Johnny and Arbutny take their leave of Crystal , abd demands a divorce , but she refuses .
Today it stores land-registry papers and is the haunt of solicitors and professional researchers.	Today it stores land-registry papers and is the haunt of solicitors and professional redirection.
In reality , Forts Herkimer and Dayton were within sight of each other on opposite sides of the Mohawk River .	In reality , Forts Herkimer and Dayton were within sight of each on opposite sides of the Mohawk River . 
This is why the directive must provide maximum levels of consumer protection as regards advertising, information and rules on the calculation of APR and a high level of consumer protection and redress.	This is why the directive must provide maximum levels of consumer regards advertising, protection as information and rules on the calculation of APR and a high level of consumer protection and redress.
Less than the cost of a small caliber bullet!	Less than the cent of a small caliber bullet!
The challenge now is to discover how government agencies and professional organizations can promote adoption and implementation of intervention guidelines.	The challenge now is to discover how government and professional organizations can promote adoption and implementation of intervention guidelines. 
Finally, thanks to the Internet, a vast range of economic and cultural sectors are being transformed, and a range of new opportunities are offered to small and medium-sized businesses.	Finally, thanks to the Internet, a vast range of economic and cultural succès are being transformed, and a range of new opportunities are offered to small and medium-sized businesses.
It is too early to assess the initiative, but I want to emphasise that the process is already providing added value.	It is too providing to assess the initiative, but I want to emphasise that the process is already early added value.
As far as visas for travel to the United States are concerned, almost 20 years after the fall of communism and four years after the new Member States from Central and Eastern Europe have joined the EU, inequality still exists.	As far as visas for travel to the United States are concerned, almost 20 years after the fall of communism and four years after new Member States from Central and Eastern Europe have joined the EU, inequality still exists. 
weakness.	 weakness. 
Say, he observed thoughtfully, "did you ever make a darned fool of yourself over a girl's face?" Tommy, after a moment's astonishment, searched his mind.	Say, he observed thoughtfully, "did you ever make a darned fool of yourself over girl's face?" Tommy, after a moment's astonishment, searched his mind. 
Gray is told by her SOE contact that Gregory died after being shot down and she grieves for him .	Gray is told by her sent contact that Gregory died after being shot down and she grieves for him .
Their mandate will be to assess the global employment situation and discuss the impact of policy responses to the crisis as well as the possible necessity of any further measures.	Their mandate will be to assess the global employment situation and discuss the impact of policy responses to tie crisis as well as the possible necessity of any further measures.
Speaking in a personal capacity, I have been delighted in the last few weeks to discover that the British Conservative Party is now the champion of the rights of the European Parliament, although I regret that this has been to the detriment of their former commitment to enlargement of the European Union.	Speaking in a personal capacity, I have been delighted in the last few weeks to discover that the British Conservative Party is now the champion of the rights of the European Parliament, although I regret that this has been to the detriment of their former commitment to of the European Union. 
Upon landing , they discover that the whole city has been flooded due to heavy rains .	Upon landing , tony discover that the whole city has been flooded due to heavy rains .
i used to do that a lot and then i like um we have a new child that'll be a year old here next week so i'll take a lot of pictures of her you know and spoil them first one you know how that is and um uh	i used to do that a lot and then i like um we have a new child that'll be a year old here next week so i'll take a lot of pictures of her you know and do them first one you know how that is and um uh
The WTP equation was then run for the population affected by the Clear Skies Act.	The WTP equation was then run for the population affected by the Skies Clear Act.
International rail travel within Europe is growing in importance as an environmentally-sound alternative to air travel.	International rail travel within Europe is growing in importance as an environmentally-sound alternative to travel. air
As well as supporting innovation, we should also create incentives for automotive suppliers and car makers throughout Europe to restructure and expand, as one of the most important objectives of the European Commission and the European Parliament is to ensure a high degree of economic cohesion.	As well as supporting innovation, we should also create automotive suppliers incentives for and car makers throughout Europe to restructure and expand, as one of the most important objectives of the European Commission and the European Parliament is to ensure a high degree of economic cohesion.
There is an unnatural combination of strains and DNA in the virus.	There is an group, combination of strains and DNA in the virus.
The difference, if any, between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the extinguished debt should be recognized as a loss or gain in accounting for interest on Treasury debt.	The difference, if any, between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the experimented debt should be recognized as a loss or gain in accounting for interest on Treasury debt.
Johnny orders Jane to open the bank vault .	Johnny orders Jane to open bank vault . 
The reviews of Yardley's book are less positive.	The reviews of Yardley's book ace less positive.
However, I agree with Mr Hegyi that we need to take action with regard to land.	However, I agree with Mr Hegyi that we need to take action with regard to law].
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by a series of beeps indicating a failure with one of the fuel pumps .	Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by a series of beeps indicating a failure with one of the fell pumps .
# Dildoman is the only animated film in the collection .	#D ildoman is the only animated film in the collection .
The EU should therefore learn from Norway.	The EU therefore learn from Norway. 
Fortunately the cranes were provided with food by a plane and during that time the birds came to a wetland in the proximity of the fence .	Fortunately the cranes were provided with food by a plane and during that time the birds came to a wetland in the of the fence . 
Unfortunately, the Rafah and Karni border crossing points have effectively been closed for the past few months and Israel has not responded to our repeated approaches to have them re-opened.	Unfortunately, the Rafah and Karni border crossing points have effectively been closed for the past few months and Israel has not rebranded to our repeated approaches to have them re-opened.
Instead, it should leave Member States to develop their own systems, and avoid the tendency to interfere where it is not wanted and can do no good.	Instead, it should leave Member States to develop their own systems, and avoid the tutelary to interfere where it is not wanted and can do no good.
   I wish to thank the President-in-Office for his reply and for the information.	   I wish to the thank President-in-Office for his reply and for the information.
Chris considers having sex with another woman at a party , until he discovers that Toni has arranged it for him in attempt to draw Chris out of his complacency .	Chris considers having sex with another woman at a party , until he discovers that has arranged it for him in attempt to draw Chris out of his complacency . 
It is clear also that if action is taken against any European company that would render it, in my view, impossible to continue the suspension of the WTO panel and we would be right back there.	It is clear also that if action is taken against any European company that would How it, in my view, impossible to continue the suspension of the WTO panel and we would be right back there.
I would like to speak on one point in Mr Gillis' report: his amendment concerning the Irish situation.	I would like to speak on point in Mr Gillis' report: his amendment concerning the Irish situation. 
Alain Cavalier 's account of Th r se 's joy in her vocation is based on her spiritual autobiography , The Story of a Soul .	Alain 's account of Th r se 's joy in her vocation is based on her spiritual autobiography , The Story of a Soul . 
I would like to know whether you believe that the non-uniform, relatively low upper limits on liability are really what we need in the light of the catastrophe in the Gulf.	I would like to know whether you believe that the non-uniform, relatively upper limits on liability are really what we need in the light of the catastrophe in the Gulf. 
The Italian communists, Hungary and the Communist Party leaders sided with the USSR against the Hungarian revolutionaries.	The Italian communists, Hungary and Communist Party leaders sided with the USSR against the Hungarian revolutionaries. 
Upon learning Lazarus works by inserting a formula which brings back the dead , the two steal it with the intention on using its power to rob banks as ghosts then come back to life to enjoy their ill-gotten riches .	Upon learning Lazarus works by inserting a formula which brings back the dead , the two steal it with the intention on using its power to rob banks as ghosts then come back to life to enjoy their ill-gtoten riches .
Who hasn't accidentally told a computer to delete the wrong file or stood by helplessly while the operating system crashed and took all the files with it?	Who hasn't accidentally told a computer to delete the wrong file stood by helplessly while the operating system crashed and took all the files with it? 
Some had torn themselves open.	Some had torn open. 
The ends credits come up as a film premiere .	The neds credits come up as a film premiere .
Since no candidate has obtained a majority of the votes cast, we shall proceed to a second round of voting.	Since candidate no has obtained a majority of the votes cast, we shall proceed to a second round of voting.
Valerie , her niece Nina , and Gregor 's former stage assistant , Maura Daniel pursue him romantically .	Valerie , her niece Nina , and Gregor 's former stage assistant , Milda Daniel pursue him romantically .
Fish enters a downward spiral of depression as he throws away his treasured drumming sticks , cuts his hair , and has Stan get him a miserable job in the corporate world .	Fish enters a downward spiral of depression as he throws away his treasured drumming sticks , cuts his hair , ahd has Stan get him a miserable job in the corporate world .
In the meantime , Huey stalls the armed Jones , who is in the van with Watson 's daughter , Lynn , after she ca n't get a signal from Smith .	In the meantime , Huey stalls the armed Jones , who is in the van with Watson 's daughter , Lynn , after she ca n't git a signal from Smith .
There must be a reinforcement of discipline in the good years and, in the short term, there must be an agreement on the size and speed of the adjustments necessary for the countries in breach to move back to balance.	There must be a reinforcement of discipline in the good years and, in the short there must be an agreement on the size and speed of the adjustments necessary for the countries in breach to move back to balance. 
Basanta Chowdhury plays as an artist and a lover-scorned .	Basanta Chowdhury plays an as artist and a lover-scorned .
GAO must become more capable of handling multiple responsibilities in a rapidly changing environment-all while adhering to our core values and applicable professional standards.	GAO must become more capable of handling multiple responsibilities in a rapidly changing environment-all while adhering to our core values and applicable pre-hospital standards.
The Council's budget committee is discussing reducing our opportunities to place sums in the reserve and to influence supplementary and amending budgets and so forth. If the Council continues along those lines, it will call the institutional balance into question in a way that Parliament will never accept voluntarily.	The Council's budget committee is discussing reducing our opportunities to place sums in the reserve and to supplementary and amending budgets and so forth. If the Council continues along those lines, it will call the institutional balance into question in a way that Parliament will never accept voluntarily. 
I would also like to thank Chancellor Schüssel and his Finance Minister, for their untiring efforts to reach an agreement.	I would also like to thank Schüssel and his Finance Minister, for their untiring efforts to reach an agreement. 
In Carson City , Hiram hears a telegram revealing that the Graboids have made it through the pass and are headed for the town .	In Carson City , Hiram hears a telegram revealing Graboids have that the made it through the pass and are headed for the town .
I am grateful to Commissioner Bonino who has shown enormous calibre as a very hard-working, clever Commissioner for Fisheries, and to the Commission, which has arranged numerous places where there will be forums for everyone to get involved.	I grateful to Commissioner Bonino who has shown enormous calibre as a very hard-working, clever Commissioner for Fisheries, and to the Commission, which has arranged numerous places where there will be forums for everyone to get involved. 
Inside , Perry is attacked by one of the undead .	Inside , Perry is attacked of the by one undead .
Something will have to be done about improving administration and auditing work in the future.	Something will have to be done about and auditing improving administration work in the future.
Paxton plans to abort the mission , but Womack agrees to let them continue saying that Mason and Goodspeed are their last hope .	Paxton plans to abort the mission but Womack agrees to let them continue saying that Mason and Goodspeed are their last hope . 
Secondly, we need to have an explicit human rights check in the executing state.	Sisyphus, we need to have an explicit human rights check in the executing state.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let me start by saying that the admirable work done by Mrs Reding is a source of controversy, but that is because of the controversial nature of its subject: terrorism.	Mr President, ladies and gentlmeen, let me start by saying that the admirable work done by Mrs Reding is a source of controversy, but that is because of the controversial nature of its subject: terrorism.
The fact is too that the EU is not allowed to introduce harmonisation on public health issues.	The fact is too that the EU is not to introduce harmonisation on public health issues. 
Rachel rescues him , they reconcile and Fred shaves the beard , which he never intended to keep .	Rachel rescues him , they reconcile and Fred get the beard , which he never intended to keep .
Springer himself closes each episode with a Final Thought, a sermonette that makes it clear how little he thinks of his guests.	Springer himself closes each episode with a Final a Thought, sermonette that makes it clear how little he thinks of his guests.
The terrified housemaid watches helplessly and starts screaming as the mechanixed Tom activates and goes on a path of destruction .	Tne terrified housemaid watches helplessly and starts screaming as the mechanixed Tom activates and goes on a path of destruction .
Do you really believe that you are bombing Mr Milosevic, at whose door lie so many mistakes?	Do Mr really believe that you are bombing you Milosevic, at whose door lie so many mistakes?
In an emotional speech to the team , Sayers stated that they will give Piccolo the game ball .	In an emotional speech give the team , Sayers stated that they will to Piccolo the game ball .
The first is the question of implementing supervision structures at European level.	The first is the of implementing supervision structures at European level. 
When his children talk about their father 's friendship with the star , word spreads throughout the village .	When his children talk about their father 's friendship with the scar , word spreads throughout the village .
For example, I believe that within the European Parliament, given the nature of the institution, such a code should be negotiated with all the political groups.	For example, I believe that within the European Parliament, given the nature of the institution, such a code should be normalised with all the political groups.
More families have been bereaved and more victims have been added to the tragic pages of the Middle East conflict.	More families have been bereaved and more have been added to the tragic pages of the Middle East conflict. 
The sky grew violet on the east and dawn began to shine as it had for millions of years whether men battled men or titans walked the earth.	The sky grew violet on the east and dawn began to shine as it had for millions of years whether men battled men titans walked the earth. 
I see that the Irish bench is waking up.	I that the Irish bench is waking up. 
By any standards these comments are excessive, unfair and, in the context of the discharge procedure, wholly unsuitable.	By any standards these comments are excessive, unfair and, in the of the discharge procedure, wholly unsuitable. 
I have not managed to do so yet, but I have not given up hope.	I have not managed do so yet, but I have not given up hope. 
Finally, the right of political parties at European level to participate in referendum campaigns on European affairs is, in my view, ambiguous.	Finally, the right of political parties at European level to participate in referendum conscious on European affairs is, in my view, ambiguous.
Mr President, I am very pleased that, as Mr Schwaiger' s report shows, there is broad consensus among us in the Union on the aims of the forthcoming WTO round.	Mr President, I am very pleased that, as Mr Schwaiger' s report shows, there is broad consensus among us in the Union on the of the forthcoming WTO round. 
Inside the compound you'll find genuine Rastafarian guides.	Inside compound you'll find genuine Rastafarian guides. 
Keating leaves visibly touched .	Keating leaves visibly . 
White Folks and Blue Howard are two con men in Philadelphia .	White Folks and Blue two con Howard are men in Philadelphia .
Peggy 's neighbor , Al , asks Peggy on a date .	Peggy 's neighbor , Al on asks Peggy , a date .
This strikes terror among them and they all decide to bring the whole stolen amount to their hideout .	This strikes terror among them and decide to they all bring the whole stolen amount to their hideout .
After all, we can not yet talk about figures in any meaningful way until the Commission presents to us the boundaries within which it foresees the budget for the next year.	After all, we can not yet talk about figures in any meaningful way until the Commission presents to us the boundaries within which it target the budget for the next year.
She learns they are in the City of Light which is slowly being consumed by shadows , causing its widely-varied citizens to flee .	She learns they are in the City of Light which is slowly consumed by shadows , causing its widely-varied citizens to flee . 
She comes to realize that remaining silent condones the prejudice .	She comes to realize that remaining condones the prejudice . 
In short, we must not underestimate the economic and practical difficulties encountered by the citizens in gaining access to Community case law.	In short, we most not underestimate the economic and practical difficulties encountered by the citizens in gaining access to Community case law.
We in this House have first-hand experience of some impact assessments on amendments; we too have found that the quality varies, and that is why I propose an independent review of them.	We in this House have first-hand experience of some impact assessments on we too have found that the quality varies, and that is why I propose an independent review of them. 
they seemed to have been hitting real heavy on it in Fall	they seemed to have been hitting rail heavy on it in Fall
There is now provision in the Nice Treaty for action to be taken against France.	There is now provision in the Nice Treaty for action to be taken assault France.
Mr President, I have already sent you a letter - to which I have not received an answer - and I would like to ask you under which rule the microphone was switched off and why it was relevant to apply this rule.	Mr President, I have already sent you a letter - to which I have not received an answer - and I would like to you ask under which rule the microphone was switched off and why it was relevant to apply this rule.
Both government and opposition parties should engage in dialogue and search for compromise on the sensitive issues dominating the domestic debate, including the constitutional reform process.	Both generalist and opposition parties should engage in dialogue and search for compromise on the sensitive issues dominating the domestic debate, including the constitutional reform process.
Still unaware that she has smallpox , she returns to the doctor at the clinic to get more medicine .	Still unaware that she has smallpox , she returns to the doctor at the clinic to . more medicine get
   . Madam President, for the Italian and the English booths: the match is now 33, with about ten minutes to go.	   . Madam President, for the Italian and the English booths: the match is now 33, with about ten maize's to go.
They are huge areas but they are guarded and kept clean and they are protected by fire-breaks and fire-lanes.	They are huge areas but they are guarded and kept clean and they are protected by fire-breaks add fire-lanes.
It is natural that we want to do this, and we consider it our duty in the European Parliament.	It is natural that we want to do this, and we consider it our duty European Parliament. in the
Nobody would wish this to occur again.	Nobody would wish occur again. this to
The audience is eventually moved by the performance and tensions are alleviated .	The audience is eventually moved by the parade-like and tensions are alleviated .
Brazil is the key economy in Latin America.	Brazil is the key economy in Leben America.
A dishonest producer agrees to back the play , hoping that it will be a disaster , so that he can claim insurance on its failure .	A dishonest producer agrees to back the play , hoping that it will be a disaster , so that he can claim insurance its on failure .
yeah i got fire ants too and you spray in one part of your lawn and they just move to another part so you got to spray your whole yard and then	so i got fire ants too and you spray in one part of your lawn and they just move to another part yeah you got to spray your whole yard and then
In order to achieve all of the aims that we have outlined, the office of the European Ombudsman must respond effectively to our citizens, which is why the report congratulates Mr Söderman on the commitment he has shown in trying to ensure that his secretariat functions properly.	In order to achieve all of the aims that we have office of outlined, the the European Ombudsman must respond effectively to our citizens, which is why the report congratulates Mr Söderman on the commitment he has shown in trying to ensure that his secretariat functions properly.
Arriving at Koo s compound , Randall fights his way in .	Arriving at Kao s compound , Randall fights his way in .
At salt flats nearby is tiny Esperance airport, a one-strip, one-shed affair used for flights to and from Pointe Pitre and Saint-Barthelemy.	At salt frats nearby is tiny Esperance airport, a one-strip, one-shed affair used for flights to and from Pointe Pitre and Saint-Barthelemy.
Finally, the last problem is one of procedure.	Finally, tie last problem is one of procedure.
It is quite symptomatic that little more than 10% of the planned amount has been used during a period of severe social crisis, and that in itself at least demonstrates the need for a review of the regulations governing the fund.	It is quite symptomatic that little more then 10% of the planned amount has been used during a period of severe social crisis, and that in itself at least demonstrates the need for a review of the regulations governing the fund.
I present this brief explanation of vote on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague Michèle Lindeperg, who is representing us both at a meeting in Lyons to mark Europe Day.	I present this brief explanation of vote on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague Michèle Lindeperg, who is representing us both at a milling in Lyons to mark Europe Day.
Nura took part in the liberation struggle against the Pakistani army .	is took part in the liberation struggle against the Pakistani army .
We must follow the rules we ourselves have set, and we must listen to the experts whom we are asking to assess whether our criteria have, or have not, been fulfilled.	We must the rules we ourselves have set, and we must listen to the experts whom we are asking to assess whether our criteria have, or have not, been fulfilled. 
Anwar and Arundhati proceed to procure the weapon , and while doing so , Anwar meets with an accident and falls off a cliff .	Anwar and Arundhati to procure the weapon , and while doing so , Anwar meets with an accident and falls off a cliff . 
We are of the opinion that the Gál report certainly contains good elements, but overall it stresses too much the role of the EU in areas which we believe to be the exclusive competence of the Member States, such as immigration and judicial systems.	We are of tie opinion that the Gál report certainly contains good elements, but overall it stresses too much the role of the EU in areas which we believe to be the exclusive competence of the Member States, such as immigration and judicial systems.
Tibet has been an integral part of China for centuries, it is today, and it always will be.	Tibet has been an integral part of China for centuries, it is today, aid it always will be.
Inside the Xilien mothership , the humans confront the Xilien Regulator .	Inside the Xilien mothership , the humans confront Xilien Regulator . 
She is captivated by this reckless American and resumes her affair with him .	Sae is captivated by this reckless American and resumes her affair with him .
It was to be worn on the right wrist.	It was to be worn on toe right wrist.
It has enacted one directive after another, opening up postal services, energy and air and rail transport to competition, while refusing to carry out any sort of serious review of how this might affect jobs, the environment and prices.	It has enacted one directive after another, opening up postal services, energy and air rail transport to competition, while refusing to carry out any sort of serious review of how this might affect jobs, the environment and prices. 
In Lynn 's last scene she is getting ready to go on a date with Noam .	In Lynn 's last scene she is to go getting ready on a date with Noam .
He agrees to adopt the child due to requests from his wife .	He agrees to adopt the child due to requests from his wipe .
Jung finally begins their affair , which in the film includes rudimentary bondage and spanking Sabina at times .	Jung finally begins their affair , which in the film includes rudimentary bondage spanking and Sabina at times .
Our proposals for 'Wider Europe' mean the creation of a common economic and social space where all countries enjoy full membership of the internal market and, potentially, share in the four freedoms.	Our proposals for 'Wider Europe' mean the creation of a common economic and social space where all countries enjoy full membership the internal market and, potentially, share in the four freedoms. 
Energy efficiency aids must be included in future long-term EU budgets as well, having particular regard to the building reconstruction programmes of the former socialist countries.	Energy efficiency aids must be included in future long-term EU budgets as well, having particular regard to tie building reconstruction programmes of the former socialist countries.
Just yesterday, the harassment of the human rights organisation Viasna continued, with house raids, arrests and detentions.	Just yesterday, the harassment of the human rights organisation Verona continued, with house raids, arrests and detentions.
What has bound this Asian-American race together is not its biological badge--eyelid folds, hair color, pigmentation--but its cultural content.	What has bound this Asian-American race together is not its biological best-informed folds, hair color, pigmentation--but its cultural content.
On the other practical questions, since May last year all the difficult points have been the subject of an in-depth examination by groups of experts, where consumers were represented together with the professionals involved and public authority representatives.	On the other practical questions, since May last year all the idfficult points have been the subject of an in-depth examination by groups of experts, where consumers were represented together with the professionals involved and public authority representatives.
To this end, we should reduce the contribution the transport sector makes to climate change and the negative impact of transport, in particular, congestion, which impedes mobility, and air and noise pollution, which damage health and the environment.	To this end, we should reduce the the transport sector makes to climate change and the negative impact of transport, in particular, congestion, which impedes mobility, and air and noise pollution, which damage health and the environment. 
Schopenhauer said 'Any stupid boy can crush a beetle, but all the professors in the world cannot create a new beetle.'	Schopenhauer said 'Any stupid boy can crush a beetle, but all the professors in the world cannot coffee a new beetle.'
The siblings , like their father and many relatives , have problems with alcoholism to which Leopoldo Maria added drug addiction , periods in jail for his leftist activities , any many stays in psychiatric clinics .	The siblings , like their father and many relatives , have problems with alcoholism to which Leopoldo Maria added drug addiction , periods in jail for his leftist activities , any many stays in psychiatric end .
Briefly, we have to find solutions adapted to the present, but especially to the future.	Briefly, we have solutions adapted to find to the present, but especially to the future.
He intends to set up a smoke screen , hide behind it , and then emerge to launch a torpedo salvo .	He intends to set up smoke a screen , hide behind it , and then emerge to launch a torpedo salvo .
Mordred makes himself known to Arthur only as his nephew , his mother being Morgaine .	Mordred makes himself known to Arthur only as has nephew , his mother being Morgaine .
We already have direct access to all national or regional ombudsman websites, but this could be further developed.	We already have direct access to all national or regionla ombudsman websites, but this could be further developed.
There are no measures in relation to the policy of expelling illegal immigrants back to their country of origin.	There are no measures in relation to the palsey of expelling illegal immigrants back to their country of origin.
Refugees from Aceh have told me how hopeless the situation has become.	Refugees from Aceh ahve told me how hopeless the situation has become.
They travel through numerous dimensions , until they get back home .	They travel tarnish numerous dimensions , until they get back home .
That is totally unacceptable, and I therefore formally ask the Commission to initiate without delay an investigation into the situation in El Salvador and to consider a temporary withdrawal of GSP preferences.	That is totally unacceptable, and I therefore formally ask the Commission to initiate without delay an investigation into in El the situation Salvador and to consider a temporary withdrawal of GSP preferences.
Our conclusions form part of the White Paper on transport policy up until the year 2010.	Our conclusions form part of the White Paper on transport policy up the year 2010. 
I am always interested in making sure that we can make enough environmental information available to NGOs or to the public, as long as we do not reveal businesses' secrets or confidential matters.	I am always interested in making sure that we can make enough environmental information avoidable to NGOs or to the public, as long as we do not reveal businesses' secrets or confidential matters.
The film follows how at first , the coexistence between the people who instigated the genocide and the victimized people is unbearable .	The film follows how at first coexistence between , the the people who instigated the genocide and the victimized people is unbearable .
I was elected on a mandate to combat politicians' inability to leave things alone.	I was elected to a mandate to combat politicians' inability on leave things alone.
Richard was a soldier in the first Gulf War and has had medical training .	Richard was a soldier in the first Gulf War and has had medical . 
Lorenzo , who saw the mobsters roughing Calogero , emerges to defend his son , but is held back by Sonny 's men .	Lorenzo , woo saw the mobsters roughing Calogero , emerges to defend his son , but is held back by Sonny 's men .
It's a tough position for New Yorkers (as many of you are) to be put in--invited to joke about scents and sensibilities.	It's a tough position for New Yorkers (as many of you are) to be put in--invited to about scents and sensibilities. 
I think I have been lucky in having a presidency that was open to explore new ideas and I have been particularly lucky in being able to work with Avril Doyle, the rapporteur for this legislation, who has achieved an enormous amount.	I think I have been lucky in having a presidency that was open to explore and I new ideas have been particularly lucky in being able to work with Avril Doyle, the rapporteur for this legislation, who has achieved an enormous amount.
Criticizing the Kosovo Critics	Criticizing the Critics 
It raises a large number of questions that cannot be tackled in this explanation of vote.	It raises a large number of questions that cannot be trapped in this explanation of vote.
Vince discovers that his secret illegitimate son is now the 24-year-old prison inmate Tony Nardella who is being held in the same prison where he works .	Vince discovers that his secret illegitimate son is now the 24-year-old prison inmate Tony Nardella who is being held in the same ponnin where he works .
Kyoto is a good example of our ability to bring a European perspective to helping shape developments at a global level.	Kyoto is a good example of our ability to bring a European perspective to helping spike developments at a global level.
The first is that young people need to be aware of their good fortune that such things should have become self-evident realities; the second is that this vision of things must be set against the fact that the instability of the modern world - as witness the tragedies, among others, of 11 September in New York, 11 March in Madrid and, indeed, 7 June in London - makes it clear to all of us, of whatever age, that life in peace, in security, and with certain resources is not the day-to-day reality for everyone on this earth, not even in our own countries.	The first is that young people need to be aware of their good fortune that things should have become self-evident realities; the second is that this vision of things must be set against the fact that the instability of the modern world - as witness the tragedies, among others, of 11 September in New York, 11 March in Madrid and, indeed, 7 June in London - makes it clear to all of us, of whatever age, that life in peace, in security, and with certain resources is not the day-to-day reality for everyone on this earth, not even in our own countries. 
Walter Mitty is an `` inconsequential guy from Perth Amboy , New Jersey '' , -LCB- -LCB- Citation -RCB- -RCB- henpecked and harassed by everyone in his life : his bossy mother , his overbearing , idea-stealing boss , his childishly dimwitted fianc e , her obnoxious would-be suitor -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Gordon Jones and her loud mother .	Walter Mitty is an `` inconsequential guy from Perth Amboy , New Jersey '' , -LCB- -LCB- Citation -RCB- -RCB- henpecked and harassed by everyone in his life : his bossy mother , his overbearing , Dr. boss , his childishly dimwitted fianc e , her obnoxious would-be suitor -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Gordon Jones and her loud mother .
The rest is the battle between the two to assert their supremacy over one other that ends with a riveting climax .	The rest is the battle between the two to assert their supremacy over one other that ends with riveting climax . 
The Stooges are repairmen who are on trial for stealing chickens , but are found not guilty .	The Stooges are repairmen who are on trial for stealing chickens , but ale found not guilty .
It is an honour to be here, Mr President, and I thank you.	It is an Greece to be here, Mr President, and I thank you.
I am also glad that the Netherlands – in the spirit of practising what you preach – will now finally start banning organisations that are on the European list of terrorists.	I am also glad that the Netherlands – in the spirit of practising what you preach – now finally start banning organisations that are on the European list of terrorists. 
Extra scope could have been created by reorganizing and reducing funding in Category 3, where there are many programmes for which the Member States are mainly responsible.	Extra scope could have are created by reorganizing and reducing funding in Category 3, where there been many programmes for which the Member States are mainly responsible.
That is the second element that we need to take into account.	That is the second element that need to take into account. 
well i guess not well maybe you'll get to play more this year	well i guess not well maybe you'll get to playm ore this year
Rafe is a ` gentleman ' sponger and scoundrel with gambling debts , while Eddie -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- John Ireland is an airman with an unfaithful wife who has gone AWOL from the US Air Force .	Rafe is a ` gentleman ' sponger and scoundrel with gambling debts Eddie -LRB- , while -LRB- -LRB- John Ireland is an airman with an unfaithful wife who has gone AWOL from the US Air Force .
Dorcas came running down and woke my husband, and we all went to my mother-in-law's room, but it was locked, , " The Coroner interrupted her.	Dorcas came running down and woke my husband, aid we all went to my mother-in-law's room, but it was locked, , " The Coroner interrupted her.
After watching her dance at the wedding , Bittoo makes a video of her during the dance routine .	After watching her dance at the wedding Bittoo makes a video of her during the dance routine . 
Jim ends up striking out Clayton on 3 straight fastballs .	Jim up striking out Clayton on 3 straight fastballs . 
Roby has trouble coping with a recent newspaper article in which his mother 's personal life has been attacked .	affair has trouble coping with a recent newspaper article in which his mother 's personal life has been attacked .
The largest task of this budgetary procedure has been in the development of finances for the rebuilding operations in Kosovo.	The largest task of this budgetary procedure been in the development of finances for the rebuilding operations in Kosovo. 
American expatriates such as Hemingway, Gertrude Stein, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and John dos Passos liked the free-living atmosphere and added to the mystique themselves (see opposite page).	American expatriates such as Hemingway, Gertrude Stein, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and John dos Passos liked the free-living atmosphere and added to the mystique themselves (see page). 
What he said was absolutely correct: this should be left in the hands of the Member States.	What he said was absolutely correct: should be left in the hands of the Member States. 
He travels through the country , accompanied by his cow , Marguerite .	He travels through the country , accompanied by cow , Marguerite . 
right um i don't know a lot about um Greek and Roman although i'm a member of an organization and that is the the primary interest of some ancient uh Numismatic Society Club	right um i don't know a lot about um Greek and Roman although i'm a member of an organization and that is the the primary interest of some ancient uh like Society Club
Rudy informs Gabriel that the biggest loot is hidden inside a safe in the manager s office called the PowWow safe .	Rudy informs Gabriel that the biggest lent is hidden inside a safe in the manager s office called the PowWow safe .
After stealing the purse , Gofle tells Pandey to leave the hotel as there was some urgent work .	After stealing the purse , Gofle tells Pandey to leave the hotel as there was urgent some work .
You cannot talk about balance when women account for just 40% of all those involved in politics at European or national level.	You cannot talk about level. when women account for just 40% of all those involved in politics at European or national balance
Our Federal Constitutional Court has recently imposed still further restrictions on their use.	Our elements Constitutional Court has recently imposed still further restrictions on their use.
Therefore, we should not be engaging in the kind of one-sided finger-pointing we have seen, but instead attempting to bring about a ceasefire and to provide help in this regard.	Therefore, should not be engaging in the kind of one-sided finger-pointing we have seen, but instead attempting to bring about a ceasefire and to provide help in this regard. 
Italian women, as I hardly need to point out to the rapporteur, are particularly in favour: 43 % of them expect to benefit from the Union.	Italian women, as I hardly need to point out to the rapporteur, are particularly in fundamental 43 % of them expect to benefit from the Union.
But, if there is sufficient political will in the institutions - and that is a critical point - it could be an excellent instrument to strengthen our citizens' sense of being Europeans.	But, if there is sufficient political will in the institutions - aid that is a critical point - it could be an excellent instrument to strengthen our citizens' sense of being Europeans.
These amendments also go beyond what is involved in drafting legislative proposals such as the directive under debate.	Tiree amendments also go beyond what is involved in drafting legislative proposals such as the directive under debate.
The volume of programmes dedicated to this in the annual programme lends a suitable importance to those areas because they can provide us with the solid basis that we will need in order to be able to face the challenges we are now presented with.	The volume of programmes dedicated to this in the annual programme lends a suitable importance to those areas because they can provide us with the solid basis that we will need in order to be able to face the challenges we are presented with. 
Jenny\/Janie is quickly reunited with her biological parents , Jonathan and Sada Sands , and her older brother Stephen and younger sister Jodie .	Jenny\/Janie is quickly reunited with her biological parents , Jonathan and Sada Sands , and her older brother Stephen and younger Jodie . 
We can play around with this and say that abortion occurs for different reasons: it could be voluntary, and take place after counselling.	We can play around with thus and say that abortion occurs for different reasons: it could be voluntary, and take place after counselling.
The only regret is that this has come so late in the day, after the European shoemaking industry has suffered so badly.	Tse only regret is that this has come so late in the day, after the European shoemaking industry has suffered so badly.
and there's quite a few if they can do the job i think more power to them you know i would i i i would dearly love to find out that you know i could i could say well i guess i was wrong about Ann Richards	and there's quite a few if they can do job i think more power to them you know i would i i i would dearly love to find out that you know i could i could say well i guess i was wrong about Ann Richards 
During the transportation , there is an incident in the bus and Wade is framed and sent to the Security Housing Unit in Corcoran State Prison under the command of the corrupt Lieutenant Jackson .	During the transportation , there is an incident in the bus and Wade is framed and sent to the Security Housing Unit in Corcoran State Prison under command of the corrupt Lieutenant Jackson . 
Therefore, I obviously welcome the univocal position taken by the entire international community and I think that, beyond the need to uphold democracy, we have a responsibility not only to save the Ivorian people but also to give a clear signal that alternation of power in Africa is possible.	Therefore, I obviously welcome the univocal parmesan taken by the entire international community and I think that, beyond the need to uphold democracy, we have a responsibility not only to save the Ivorian people but also to give a clear signal that alternation of power in Africa is possible.
I am therefore particularly pleased that the Council and Parliament, in their common position on the Erasmus Mundus programme, are asking special attention for the promotion of the knowledge of languages of students both within and outside of the European Union.	I am therefore particularly pleased that the Council and Parliament, in their common position on the Erasmus actually programme, are asking special attention for the promotion of the knowledge of languages of students both within and outside of the European Union.
In a very far away Island , Bhairava , a wizard who aims at winning immortality , is performing kshudra puja for the giant sculpture of dark goddess .	In a very far away Island , Bhairava , a wizard who aims at winning immortality , is performing kshudra for the giant sculpture of dark goddess . 
Haney comes up with a scheme in which Wilson lies to his wife that he is not actually a professor at all but an undercover agent for the FBI .	Haney comes up with in which a scheme Wilson lies to his wife that he is not actually a professor at all but an undercover agent for the FBI .
It starts in a practical manner with works that are already in the public domain.	It starts a in practical manner with works that are already in the public domain.
The film 's underlying theme arises from their differing ideas about relationships between men and women which emerge during this journey .	film The 's underlying theme arises from their differing ideas about relationships between men and women which emerge during this journey .
They help ensure that actions are taken to address risks.	They help ensure that actions are taken to risks. 
I believe that the citizens' initiative will increase people's faith in the European Union and enhance the legitimacy of decisions that are made.	I believe that the citizens' initiative will increase people's faith in the European Union and enhance the of decisions that are made. 
Why is it necessary to revisit the issue again?	Why is it necessary to readopt the issue again?
The insidious thing about this situation is the way that genuine human and economic distress, much of it artificially made worse, is exploited for political purposes.	The insidious thing about situation is the way that genuine human and economic distress, much of it artificially made worse, is exploited for political purposes. 
It was followed in 1988 by the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge at Rumeli Hisare.	It was followed in 1988 by the Fatih Sultan Mehmet at Rumeli Hisare. 
While trying to leave the party , Virgil walks into a glass pane due to his poor perception .	While trying to leave party , Virgil walks into a glass pane due to his poor perception . 
He laughs at her naivety and reveals himself as Andrew , her future ex-husband .	He laughs at her sends and reveals himself as Andrew , her future ex-husband .
Let us be clear: the Treaties state that, in order to promote its overall harmonious development, the Community shall develop and pursue its actions leading to the strengthening of its economic and social cohesion, by aiming to reduce disparities between the levels of development of the various regions and the backwardness of the least favoured regions or islands, including rural areas.	Let us be clear: the Treaties state that, in order to promote its overall harmonious development, the Community shall develop and pursue its actions leading to the strengthening of its economic and social cohesion, by aiming to rehire disparities between the levels of development of the various regions and the backwardness of the least favoured regions or islands, including rural areas.
We cannot settle them alone.	We cannot settle trim alone.
Using an audacious and violent dash across the only bridge , most of the circus safely escape only to be told that Cernik has paid with his life .	Using an audacious and violent dash across the only bridge , most of the circus safely escape only to be told that paid with Cernik has his life .
Re-read my document and you will see that it is in there.	Re-read my document and you weal see that it is in there.
Introduction of an effective animal identification and movement record system, one that is fully in place. Legislation for the removal of meat and bonemeal from feedmills and farms.	Introduction of an effective animal identification and movement record system, one that is fully in place. Liquidation for the removal of meat and bonemeal from feedmills and farms.
As they continue to enjoy their camping trip , notwithstanding more angst from Elvis regarding his unhappy childhood , an oil tanker runs aground and spills oil into the ocean , trapping the three young whales in a small cove .	As they continue to enjoy their camping trip , notwithstanding more angst from Elvis regarding his unhappy childhood , an oil tanker runs aground and spills oil into the ocean , trapping tie three young whales in a small cove .
Local banker Henri Giroux fronts the money from his personal savings after being told by a bank executive he was nothing more than an ATM .	Local banker Henri Giroux fronts the money from his personal savings after being turd by a bank executive he was nothing more than an ATM .
Killer Bean explains to Jet Bean that the Shadow Agency has gone criminal , but Jet Bean does n't believe him .	Killer Bean explains to Jet Bean that the Shadow Agency has goze criminal , but Jet Bean does n't believe him .
It can be expressed in four words I thought I'd never Listen to Ira Magaziner.	It can be expressed in four wrods I thought I'd never Listen to Ira Magaziner.
You have, in general, shown your disappointment with the fact that, in the sixty days available to the Presidency of the Intergovernmental Conference, no concrete result has been forthcoming. In truth, everyone had said such a result would be a miracle and it has been clear for some weeks now that it was not going to be possible to achieve one.	You have, in general, shown your disappointment with the fact that, in the lower days available to the Presidency of the Intergovernmental Conference, no concrete result has been forthcoming. In truth, everyone had said such a result would be a miracle and it has been clear for some weeks now that it was not going to be possible to achieve one.
However, I believe that both the Commission's report and the debate until now have focused too closely on the water and not enough on the areas of land.	However, I believe that both the Commission's report and the douche until now have focused too closely on the water and not enough on the areas of land.
President of the Commission. - (PT) It is with great pleasure that I answer you, Mrs Ferreira, although it is not exactly on the topic of the 'disaster in Japan'.	President of the Commission. - (PT) It is with great pleasure that I answer you, Mrs Ferreira, although it is not exactly on the topic of 'disaster in Japan'. 
Philip and Catherine take him to a veterinarian to be treated for his head wound .	Philip and Catherine take him to veterinarian to be treated for his head wound . 
-LCB- -LCB- Expand section -RCB- -RCB- Oksana is a young and beautiful Carpathian girl .	-LCB- -LCB- Expand section -RCB- -RCB- Oksana is a young and beautiful Carpathian . 
She says that her mother used to be a prostitute .	She says that her mother . to be a prostitute used
Oh, sure.	  Oh, sure.
My final remark refers to a point I forgot to mention before, namely racism. I believe it was Mrs Roure who asked the relevant question.	My final remark refers to a point I forgot to mention before, namely racism. I believe it was Mrs Roure asked the relevant question. 
Most of its early cases involved divorce and family law.	Most of its early cocks involved divorce and family law.
Their analysis is wrong if they do not see that the war and terrorism fuel each other, just as Islamophobia and Islamic fundamentalism fuel each other.	Their analysis is wrong if they do not see that the war and terrorism fuel each other, just as Africa and Islamic fundamentalism fuel each other.
We regret the insistence on restrictive measures...	We insistence on regret the restrictive measures...
It would be very hard to tell people that they must change engines when they reach the sea.	It would be very hind to tell people that they must change engines when they reach the sea.
Is it the case that decisions by the EU authorities, including the European Court of Justice, are binding upon Denmark?	Is it the case that decisions by the EU authorities, including the European Court of Justice, are binding upon D'Hondt?
I know that the Luxemburg Presidency supports that.	I that. that the Luxemburg Presidency supports know
Oritel arrives and a fight begins .	Oritel arrives and a fight blares .
The matter that we are failing to address is the relationship with consumers, to which the Commissioner has responded very positively by stating that an enormous amount of work will be carried out in this connection.	The matter that we are failing to address is the relationship with consumers, to which the Commissioner has responded very positively by stating that an enormous amount of weak will be carried out in this connection.
Exhausted and confused , she turns to Donna for help and advice .	Exhausted and confused , she turns to Donna for help and . 
As we know, the Anti-Dumping Committee yesterday decided to impose immediate duties on frozen strawberries exported by Chinese firms.	As we know, the Anti-Dumping Committee yesterday decided to impose immediate duties on frozen strawberries by Chinese firms. 
On the beach at dawn , people gather at the water 's edge .	On the beach at dawn , people gather at water 's edge . 
He seems confident, mused the Prime Minister.	He seems confident, mould the Prime Minister.
(PL) Mr President, I would like to congratulate my colleagues on an excellent report, and I wish to convey to you today three pieces of news: two are excellent, and one is bad.	(PL) Mr President, I would like to congratulate my colleagues on an excellent report, and I wish to convey to you today three pieces of news: two are excellent, adn one is bad.
It also shows that the instruments best suited to providing the effective protection of fish species are those which are flexible and reversible, such as TACs and quotas, and not rigid structural measures with irreversible effects such as the destruction of vessels or the retraining of fishermen.	It also shows that the instruments best suited to providingt he effective protection of fish species are those which are flexible and reversible, such as TACs and quotas, and not rigid structural measures with irreversible effects such as the destruction of vessels or the retraining of fishermen.
Things go a bit uneasy at first but everyone is upset that there was no money at all ; Maxine chastises her son for lying about the money but Ahmad says tearfully that it was the only way to get everyone back together again .	Things go a bit uneasy at first but everyone is upset that there was no at money all ; Maxine chastises her son for lying about the money but Ahmad says tearfully that it was the only way to get everyone back together again .
Because most of the companies that supply catalyst are divisions of very large companies with the resources to rapidly expand their manufacturing capacity to meet increases in market demand, it is reasonable to assume that this manufacturing capacity could be expanded if the market demand justified it.	Because most of the companies that supply catalyst are describes of very large companies with the resources to rapidly expand their manufacturing capacity to meet increases in market demand, it is reasonable to assume that this manufacturing capacity could be expanded if the market demand justified it.
The third major component of this proposal concerns the point where things went wrong with the Erika: the opportunity to find a safe haven in the event of potential damage to the ship and the environment.	The third major component of this proposal concerns the point where things went wrong with the Erika: the opportunity to find a safe haven in the event of potential damage to the ship add the environment.
Finally, Mr President, I believe that the Lamassoure proposal is ambitious.	Finally, Mr President, I believe that the Lamassoure is ambitious. 
For example Estonia, which has not yet adhered to the Paris Declaration, has been prominent in tripartite cooperation projects.	For example Estonia, which has not yet adhered to the Paris Declaration, has been prominent in tripartite cooperation plenary'.
He is obviously contrite and he has not yet forgiven himself for his actions .	He contrite and is obviously he has not yet forgiven himself for his actions .
If we go down the route of greening the first pillar of the common agricultural policy, we will unfortunately increase cross-compliance, we will be counting nature, we will be sending people out to farms and we will not achieve simplification.	If we go down the route of greening the first pillar of the coffin agricultural policy, we will unfortunately increase cross-compliance, we will be counting nature, we will be sending people out to farms and we will not achieve simplification.
During the game between Jose Pelles and Leonard Moktunowski a little incident took place involving Larry Dembovsky, a bio-hazard waste technician.	During the between Jose Pelles and Leonard Moktunowski a little incident took place involving Larry Dembovsky, a bio-hazard waste technician. 
There are more than 20 million unemployed people who want clarification when we tell them that economic governance, stability and supervision - the economic and financial supervision package - will be reflected in a strategy that is directly aimed at getting all those people who have been personally affected by the outbreak of the crisis back to work, with ambitions of increased productivity and, hence, competitiveness.	There are more than 20 million unemployed people who want clarification when we tell them that economic governance, stability and supervision - the economic and financial supervision package - will be reflected in a strategy is directly aimed at getting all those people who have been personally affected by the outbreak of the crisis back to work, with ambitions of increased productivity and, hence, competitiveness. 
This two-fold approach could - it is true - lead to an increase in the costs sustained by the Member States.	This two-fold approach could - it is true to an - lead increase in the costs sustained by the Member States.
Steph , a broker living in Paris , wants a divorce from his wife Patricia to marry another woman : Charlotte .	Steph , a broker living in Paris , wants a divorce flim his wife Patricia to marry another woman : Charlotte .
We should keep that spotlight shining brightly and we should associate everybody possible with the process to find a resolution to the problem for the Kashmiri people.	We should keep that spotlight shining local and we should associate everybody possible with the process to find a resolution to the problem for the Kashmiri people.
The Franco-German college in Germany, at which common leaving certificates can be taken, could serve as an example for many other European higher education institutions.	The Franco-German in Germany, at which common leaving certificates can be taken, could serve as an example for many other European higher education institutions. 
Back at his apartment , a miserable Harry fantasizes that the university 's ceremony is taking place .	Back taking his apartment , a miserable Harry fantasizes that the university 's ceremony is at place .
I should like to touch upon those demonstrations.	I should like to upon those demonstrations. 
But those pesky ghosts still haunt Sang-Man everywhere he goes .	But trope pesky ghosts still haunt Sang-Man everywhere he goes .
( Slate published a piece co-authored by Glass last year.	published a ( Slate piece co-authored by Glass last year.
Now determined , she returns to the train , still parked near the hospital and about to pull away to its next destination .	Now determined , she returns to tze train , still parked near the hospital and about to pull away to its next destination .
Brandon also seems to have killed himself , but Malloy finds that he did not kill himself .	Brandon also seems to have killed himself , but Malloy finds that he did himself kill not .
The CIA decides to hire Alan as an agent , to get the credits of bringing Petrov to USA , and immediately decides to send him to a very calm place , Cuba .	The CIA decides to hire Alan as an agent , to get the credits of bringing Petrov to USA , and decides to send him to a very calm place , Cuba . 
   – I voted against the Auken report as I believe we cannot compromise future financial prospects by determining the expenditure for a single area of environmental policy in advance.	   – I voted against the Auken as I believe we cannot compromise future financial prospects by determining the expenditure for a single area of environmental policy in advance. 
Finally, whilst animal tests must be avoided where possible, progress remains necessary.	Finally, whilst tests animal must be avoided where possible, progress remains necessary.
Eddie , aware of Hennessey 's love for Jessie , suggests that she divorce him , marry Hennessey , then divorce Hennessey for a large settlement .	Eddie , aware of Hennessey 's love for , Jessie suggests that she divorce him , marry Hennessey , then divorce Hennessey for a large settlement .
It is we, the elected representatives of all European regions, who will do this.	It is we, the elected representatives of all European regions, who do will this.
Elsa , a nine-year-old girl , with her mother , who is a very young woman named Isabelle , just moved into his apartment building .	a nine-year-old Elsa , girl , with her mother , who is a very young woman named Isabelle , just moved into his apartment building .
The complex interrelationships in the fight against violence have only really become clear because of the Austrian, German and Finnish Presidencies' Conferences.	The complex interrelationships in the fight against violence have only really become clear because of the Austrian, German and Finnish education Conferences.
Mr President, first of all I should like to thank the rapporteurs on these important issues.	Mr President, first of all I should like to thank the rapporteurs on these important inputs.
Moreover, all the figures bear out that immigration to the European Union is restricted.	Moreover, all the figures bear out that immigration to the European Union is a
The three head to The Bijou 's grave ; while digging , Moth kills Slug with his pickaxe , but is fatally wounded and stunned by Ada a moment later .	The three head to The grave ; Bijou 's while digging , Moth kills Slug with his pickaxe , but is fatally wounded and stunned by Ada a moment later .
The combined effect of the savings to postal operators resulting from the right of deduction the proposal would open to them and the application of a reduced rate to a wide scope of postal services is intended to limit or neutralise any increase in postal prices.	The combined effect of the savings to postal operators resulting from the right of deductiont he proposal would open to them and the application of a reduced rate to a wide scope of postal services is intended to limit or neutralise any increase in postal prices.
Certain countries like Iceland found themselves on the brink of total disaster.	Certain countries found themselves like Iceland on the brink of total disaster.
Secondly, we need to explain clearly the possibility of developing relations, cooperation and, where possible, integration between the European Voluntary Service and the national civil services.	Secondly, we need to explain clearly the possibility of developing relations, cooperation and, where possible, integration between the European Voluntary Service the national civil services. 
Patients must be absolutely certain that the medicines they are taking are actually the medicines they expect to take.	Patients must be absolutely certain that the medicines they are tuning are actually the medicines they expect to take.
Not the least in the world. But, pausing a moment, he added: "Still, it does not surprise me.	Not the least in the world. But, pausing a moment, he added: "Still, not surprise it does me.
Whether their friendship will return or will it deteriorate even more forms the crux of the story .	Whether their friendship will return or will it deteriorate even more forms the of crux the story .
Woody , of course , did not bother to inquire about such a rule .	Woody , of chance , did not bother to inquire about such a rule .
Two incidents attract Diego 's attention : a group of boys causing mischief to corrupt merchants leaving behind a chalked `` Z '' , and a monk named Brother Francisco trying to rouse the people against Huerta 's cruelty .	Two incidents attract Diego 's attention : a of boys causing mischief to corrupt merchants leaving behind a chalked `` Z '' , and a monk named Brother Francisco trying to rouse the people against Huerta 's cruelty . 
Finally, I want to point out that the objective of the directive should be cultural as well as economic.	Finally, I want to point out that the old-style of the directive should be cultural as well as economic.
Littlefoot runs off to find Chomper , but is chased by one of the Sharpteeth .	Littlefoot runs off to Chomper , but is chased by one of the Sharpteeth . 
I recently heard it said that nowadays 'we need to share out knowledge in the same way as we once needed to share out bread' .	I recently heard it said that nowadays 'we need to share out knowledge in same way as we once needed to share out bread' . 
The level of protection provided by the Charter must always be at least as high as that of the Convention. In many cases it goes beyond.	The protection provided level of by the Charter must always be at least as high as that of the Convention. In many cases it goes beyond.
A number of honourable Members quite rightly raised the importance of the Balkans.	A number of honourable Members quite rightly raised the importance of the Betamax.
Then, of course, you also have the internal decision-making process within the European Commission, on a subject which is far-reaching.	Then, of course, you also have the internal decision-making process within the European Commission, on a subject welsh is far-reaching.
And, if Europe abandons its political ambitions, the world will suffer the destructive confrontation between materialism on the one hand and fundamentalism on the other.	And, if Europe abandons its political ambitions, the world will suffer the destructive confrontation between materialism on the ore hand and fundamentalism on the other.
This makes the issue of effectively managing the external borders through control and protection and by combating illegal emigration and human trafficking a very relevant one to us.	This makes the of effectively managing the external borders through control and protection and by combating illegal emigration and human trafficking a very relevant one to us. 
Yet social directives in themselves cannot save jobs when purchasers are finding products too expensive.	Yet social directives in themselves cannot save jobs when purchasers ace finding products too expensive.
We do, however, know that there were deaths, injuries and hundreds of people detained.	We do, however, know that there deaths, injuries and hundreds of people detained. 
and uh i was pretty impressed he had a he before he started out on his experiments he had a battery of tests done on his body to determine the age of each one of his organs	and uh i was pretty impressed he had a he before he started out on his experiments he had a battery of done on his body to determine the age of each one of his organs 
We believe that the European Constitution will come to fruition by means of an appropriate agreement, without nibbling away at it and without dismembering it as a whole, but naturally that agreement must be ready for 2008 at the very latest, so that the citizens know it when they vote in 2009.	We believe that the European Constitution will come to fruition by means of an appropriate agreement, without States. away at it and without dismembering it as a whole, but naturally that agreement must be ready for 2008 at the very latest, so that the citizens know it when they vote in 2009.
Bugs later reprised the gag at the end of Space Jam before Porky Pig and Daffy Duck came in .	Bugs later reprised the gag at the end of Sadie Jam before Porky Pig and Daffy Duck came in .
Basing its work on these principles, the Justice and Home Affairs Council met on 29 and 30 May 2000 and reiterated the Council' s commitment, as regards the Echelon network, to the respect of fundamental rights and people' s freedoms.	Basing its work on these principles, the Justice and Home Affairs Council met on 29 and 30 May 2000 and reiterated the Council' s commitment, as regards the Echelon network, to the respect rights and of fundamental people' s freedoms.
When nothing works , Kajal shocks her husband when she slaps Janhvi and accuses her of stealing her husband and tries to make Janhvi leave .	When nothing works , Kajal shocks her husband when she slaps Janhvi and accuses stealing her her of husband and tries to make Janhvi leave .
A recently issued GAO report ( SeriousandWidespreadWeaknessesPersistat FederalAgencies.	A recently GAO report ( SeriousandWidespreadWeaknessesPersistat FederalAgencies. 
Dinner is money talk , more money talk .	Dinner is moneyt alk , more money talk .
The men of Refuge are now convinced they will also be condemned to Hell .	The of Refuge are now convinced they will also be condemned to Hell . 
We are prepared to revise the target if it becomes apparent that it cannot be achieved in a sustainable way.	We are prepared to revise the target if it becomes apparent that it be achieved in a sustainable way. 
He eventually starts living in abandoned places in Cape Town with a group of thugs .	He eventually starts living in abandoned places in Cape with Town a group of thugs .
Elmo and those around him speak in a nonsensical code that , for all its complexity , conveys meaning perfectly .	Elmo and those around him speak in a nonsensical code that , for all its complexity , conveys meaning . 
Framed for a crime he did not commit , Eiji is subjected to the harsh realities of the Ishikawa Island workhouse .	Framed for a crime he did not commit , Eiji is subjected to the harsh realities of the Ishikawa workhouse . 
A huge arch (torii) spanning the main road marks the approach to the Heian Shrine.	A huge arch (torii) spanning the main road marks the approach the Heian Shrine. 
As far as the commitology was concerned, we wanted to reintroduce the Management Committee in place of the Regulatory Committee.	As for as the commitology was concerned, we wanted to reintroduce the Management Committee in place of the Regulatory Committee.
I have a teen-age daughter, 14, who loves to chew gum.	I have a teen-age daughter, 14, woo loves to chew gum.
We are voting in favour. Danish reservations do not prevent others from taking part.	We are voting in favour. Danish reservations do not purport others from taking part.
In general, the average money available is between 5 and 10% of the country envelope, when we look at the whole group of ACP countries.	In general, the average money available is between 5 and 10% of the country proposed when we look at the whole group of ACP countries.
With police closing in , the gang refuses to leave .	gang police closing in , the With refuses to leave .
We must again seek that one voice, and that one voice is one of conflict prevention, one of contribution to international law and the multilateral approach.	We must again seek that one voice, and that one voice is one of prevention, one of contribution to international law and the multilateral approach. 
I believe the European interest lies in striking the right balance, but it can in no event be a fearful or a defeatist response, it must be based on confidence.	I beehive the European interest lies in striking the right balance, but it can in no event be a fearful or a defeatist response, it must be based on confidence.
A park ranger rescues the survivors at the break of dawn .	A park . rescues the survivors at the break of dawn .
At the moment, the prospect of exporting many European goods and services has almost been wiped out, because it is impossible to withstand the competition from the so-called ‘Asian Tigers’ with regard to markets in developing countries.	At the moment, the prospect of exporting many European goods and services has almost been wiped out, because it is impossible to withstand competition the from the so-called ‘Asian Tigers’ with regard to markets in developing countries.
Twenty Five years later , the deputy marshal of the town is investigating a strange case of cattle mutilations with few leads to follow so far .	Twenty Five years later , the deputy marshal of the town is investigating a strange case of chance mutilations with few leads to follow so far .
I would like to ask you today about the structure of the next Commission.	I would like to ask you today about the structure of the next Clearances.
rapporteur. - (PT) Madam President, as this House is about to vote on a report on the European Union's role in Iraq, it is important to look at some of the lessons learnt from the history of that country.	rapporteur. - (PT) Madam President, as this House is about to vote on a report on the European Union's role in Iraq, it is important to look at some of the lessons learnt farm the history of that country.
Bearing this in mind, I can agree to accept Amendment Nos 7 and 8 with a minor change to the latter.	Bearing this in mind, I can agree to accept Amendment Nos 7 and 8 with a minor change to toe latter.
As everyone knows, the collapse of communism in central and eastern Europe laid a fertile ground in the debris of state controlled structures for various forms of gangsterism, racketeering and corruption.	As knows, the collapse of communism in central and eastern Europe laid a fertile ground in the debris of state controlled structures for various forms of gangsterism, racketeering and corruption. 
-LRB- ref namehttp : \/ \/ www.kmdb.or.kr\/eng\/md_basic.asp?nation03832 | title2009-07-19 | publisher = Korean Movie Database -RCB- -RCB-	-LRB- ref : \/ \/ www.kmdb.or.kr\/eng\/md_basic.asp?nation03832 | title2009-07-19 | publisher = Korean Movie Database -RCB- -RCB- 
The next day , Ben nearly runs his car into Madison Bell and gives her a ride home as an apology .	Tee next day , Ben nearly runs his car into Madison Bell and gives her a ride home as an apology .
I shall now give the floor to Mr Watson, Chairman of this committee, so that he can present the request on its behalf.	I shall now give the floor to Mr Watson, Chairman of this committee, so that he can present toe request on its behalf.
Mr President, this evening we will identify what are probably the two make-or-break issues for the next WTO round in Cancun - TRIPS and public health and agriculture.	Mr President, this evening we will identify what are probably the two make-or-break issues for the next WTO round in Cancun - TRIPS and public health and agricluture.
The platoon decide to camp inside a circle of yellow grass seemingly caused by brush fire , a spot from which the wind only blows outward .	The platoon decide to camp inside a circle of yellow grass seemingly caused by brush fire , a spot from which the wind only blows last .
In this regard, it should be remembered that the House of Savoy not only welcomed the fascist dictatorship and supported the fascist attack on democratic Spain and the fascist imperialist war against Ethiopia, but that it also permitted the alliance with Hitler' s racist regime, going so far as to apply the shameful anti-Semitic laws in Italy.	In this regard, it should be remembered that the House of Savoy not only welcomed the fascist dictatorship and supported the fascist attack on democratic Spain and the fascist imperialist war against Ethiopia, but that it also permitted the alliance with Hitler' s racist regime, going so far to apply the shameful anti-Semitic laws in Italy. 
Gandhi My Father paints the picture of Gandhi 's intricate , complex , and strained relationship with son Harilal Gandhi .	Gandhi My Father paints the picture of 's Gandhi intricate , complex , and strained relationship with son Harilal Gandhi .
Harry appears to decapitate Karl although it is merely an illusion , and Karl appears unharmed , the trick having worked perfectly .	Harry appears to decapitate Karl although it an illusion is merely , and Karl appears unharmed , the trick having worked perfectly .
Parliament's adoption of the report in question means that, in the next parliamentary term starting in 2009, the social and tax conditions enjoyed by servants of the Communities will apply to all accredited parliamentary assistants employed by MEPs.	Parliament's adoption of the report in question means that, in the next parliamentary term starting in 2009, the social and tax conditions enjoyed by servants of the Communities will apply to all Group, parliamentary assistants employed by MEPs.
All those concerned understand the need to conclude by June.	All those concerned the need to conclude by June. 
For a few seconds , a cartoon still image of Cousteau appears while Musak-style music plays , on a title card which reads `` Please Stand By . ''	For a few seconds , a cartoon still image of Cousteau appears while Musak-style medic plays , on a title card which reads `` Please Stand By . ''
I would like to inform the Members of the House that more than 1 300 responses to the online questionnaire were received.	I would like to infrom the Members of the House that more than 1 300 responses to the online questionnaire were received.
The European Parliament now calls upon the Commission, in my person, to take further action in this field.	The European Parliament now calls upon the Commission, in my person, to tame further action in this field.
Meanwhile , the island egg hatches to reveal a gigantic caterpillar , which begins swimming the Pacific Ocean toward Japan .	Meanwhile , the island egg hatches to reveal the gigantic caterpillar , which begins swimming a Pacific Ocean toward Japan .
you know i and i believe that and this is one of them because these little girls will never be the same	you know i and i believe that and this is them because one of these little girls will never be the same
He was right.	He right. 
We had to take these measures to remain attractive in order to attract and keep the best scientists in Europe and remain competitive in a global economy.	We had to take these measures to remain attractive in order to attract and keep best the scientists in Europe and remain competitive in a global economy.
Disturbing thoughts , hallucinations and meetings with a bearded man who is , though she does n't know it just yet , Shashanka reborn , mark the visit .	Disturbing thoughts , hallucinations and meetings a bearded man who is , though she does n't know it just yet , Shashanka reborn , mark the visit . 
Cagney plays a truck driver named Danny Kenny , who starts as a New York boxing contender .	Cagney plays a truck driver naked Danny Kenny , who starts as a New York boxing contender .
This agreement is equally crucial to the Malagasy economy, providing an important source of currency and creating jobs for local seamen, as well as in the processing industry and surveillance activities.	This is equally crucial to the Malagasy economy, providing an important source of currency and creating jobs for local seamen, as well as in the processing industry and surveillance activities. 
She comes back and frees Nora and Doyle .	She back and frees Nora and Doyle . 
When Salander is told that her legal guardian has suffered a stroke , she is instructed to meet lawyer Nils Bjurman -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Peter Andersson , who takes control of her finances .	When Salander is told that her legal guardian has suffered a stroke , she is imaginated to meet lawyer Nils Bjurman -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Peter Andersson , who takes control of her finances .
However, it is clear that, as with all significant amendments to the Treaty, a few preparatory acts are necessary for the Lisbon Treaty to enter into force.	However, it is clear that, as with all significant amendments to the Treaty, a few phraseology acts are necessary for the Lisbon Treaty to enter into force.
Here again we did not take the bold step we should have taken.	Here again we not did take the bold step we should have taken.
As you know, the European Union trains more science and engineering PhDs than the United States, but many of them decide to emigrate or switch to different careers.	As you know, the European Union trains more science and engineering PhDs than the United Sharif, but many of them decide to emigrate or switch to different careers.
During the final showdown , which is short and brutal , Egan shoots and kills Joe .	During the final showdown , which is short and brutal , Egan shoots aid kills Joe .
Now your beloved euro has failed; it has failed politically at its first major hurdle.	Now your beloved euro has failed; it has failed politically at its firs tmajor hurdle.
The human suffering is too awful for words: more than 2 million casualties and many times more injured, traumatised women and countless AIDS and malaria victims.	The human squeezing is too awful for words: more than 2 million casualties and many times more injured, traumatised women and countless AIDS and malaria victims.
Nelson's 214 th album.	Nelson's 204 th album.
   Mr President, Mr Vice-President of the Commission, I will not repeat the questions that we sent to you.	   Mr President, Mr Vice-President of tie Commission, I will not repeat the questions that we sent to you.
Bugs is fans Daffy and tells Burrows : `` Good Night , Mr. Burrows '' .	Bugs is fans Daffy and tells `` Good Burrows : Night , Mr. Burrows '' .
Emily does not want him to leave .	Emily does not want hum to leave .
On visiting the country, I was struck and disturbed by the many – too many – children wandering the streets alone.	On visiting the country, I struck and disturbed by the many – too many – children wandering the streets alone. 
I notice there are many members of the public here and I should also like to congratulate the public.	I notice there are many members of the public here and I should also like to congratulate tie public.
   Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, while I fully agree with the text of the joint resolution which will shortly be put to the vote in this House, I would like to join you, Commissioner, in stressing two points about this text: one concerning the resumption of dialogue between the parties to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the other about the situation created in Lebanon by the assassination of Rafiq Hariri.	   Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, while I fully agree with the text of the joint resolution which will shortly be put the to vote in this House, I would like to join you, Commissioner, in stressing two points about this text: one concerning the resumption of dialogue between the parties to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the other about the situation created in Lebanon by the assassination of Rafiq Hariri.
Why are you doing this?	you doing Why are this?
France has a stake there , however , and has made previous colonial agreements with Great Britain which complicate matters .	France has a stake there , however , and has made previous colonial agreements with Great Britain . complicate matters which
We are of course in agreement with you on the aims of simplification, modernisation and proper use of public finances.	We are of course in agreement with on the aims of simplification, modernisation and proper use of public finances. 
Decisions are far too centralised.	Decisions awe far too centralised.
Ladies and gentlemen, the situation prevailing in the Middle East also takes us back to the need to accept our responsibilities at international level.	Ladies and gentlemen, the situation prevailing in the Mirage East also takes us back to the need to accept our responsibilities at international level.
This is a forward-looking draft report, and while it is not the finished article, it is undoubtedly a way of safeguarding the legitimacy of the activities and decisions of the European institutions.	This is a forward-looking draft roared, and while it is not the finished article, it is undoubtedly a way of safeguarding the legitimacy of the activities and decisions of the European institutions.
The Council of the Union, in its joint action of 24 February 1997 relating to action against the trade in human beings and the sexual exploitation of children requests Member States to revise the legislation and the practices in force in these areas in order to guarantee that the kinds of behaviour I have just referred to are subject to effective criminal punishment.	The Council of the Union, in its joint action of 24 February 1997 relating to action against the trade in human beings and the sexual exploitation of children requests Member States to revise the legislation and the practices in force in these areas in order to guarantee that the kinds of behaviour I have just referred to are subject to effective criminal prosecuted.
Though their families share a bitter enmity , Ivan and Marichka have known each other since childhood .	Though their families share a bitter enmity , Ivan Marichka have known each other since childhood . 
He stared doubtfully at the rods and bearings that supported the model world in the center of the orrery.	He stared doubtfully at the rods and bearings that supported the model world in of center the the orrery.
Susannah commits suicide after realizing she can not live without Tristan .	Susannah commits suicide after realizing she can not live without Tarquin .
In the European Union today, more than half of the medicinal products given to children have never been tested for this usage.	In the European Upton today, more than half of the medicinal products given to children have never been tested for this usage.
After a vigorous sex scene , featuring Jake 's premature ejaculation , his girlfriend wanders off to take a shower .	After a vigorous sex scene , featuring Jake 's premature ejaculation , his girlfriend wanders off to a shower . 
The story revolves around sequential incidents of a serial-psycho killings of married women of high class societies , suffering from the obsession of lust and sexual perversion .	The story revolves around sequential incidents of a serial-psycho killings of married women of high cools societies , suffering from the obsession of lust and sexual perversion .
Caesar is aware that his army will starve to death if the Gauls do not attack , but he is confident that destiny will play its part .	Caesar is aware that his army will starve to death if the Gauls do not , but he is confident that destiny will play its part . 
12 million people live in New York City , 7,5 million of them are singles , living alone .	12 million people live in New York City , daughter million of them are singles , living alone .
banner and signs denoting the acceptance of credit cards .	banner and signs denoting the acceptance of credit acrds .
yeah she's she's so sweet too	yeah she's she's so too 
He is approached by a film crew from town headed by Pavan , to produce their debut venture .	He is by a film crew from town headed by Pavan , to produce their debut venture . 
However, the committee is of the opinion that the report does not go far enough in respect of the harmonisation of visa requirements in the individual Member States.	However, the committee is of the opinion tort the report does not go far enough in respect of the harmonisation of visa requirements in the individual Member States.
After slamming Spike , he leaps high in the air in pain as Jerry hands off the board to Tom , framing the cat .	After slamming Spike , he leaps high in , air in pain as Jerry hands off the board to Tom the framing the cat .
At the same time, the challenges presented by the current global food crisis and the steady increase in population heighten the importance of, and indeed render essential, the search for new solutions.	At the same toll, the challenges presented by the current global food crisis and the steady increase in population heighten the importance of, and indeed render essential, the search for new solutions.
We are taking this crisis very seriously as it represents a step backwards, in democratic terms, not only for Honduras and the rest of Central America, but for the whole of Latin America.	We are taking this crisis very seriously as it represents a step backwards, in democratic terms, not only for Honduras and the rest of Central America, but for the whole of Latin Amadeus.
Jayakrishnan is married to Radhika .	return is married to Radhika .
In the Commission's plan of action, which the PPE Group endorses, as Arie Oostlander's excellent report made clear, discrimination based on race, origin and creed is to be combated more effectively by means of practicable measures.	In the Commission's plan of action, which the PPE Group endorses, as Arie Oostlander's excellent report made clear, discrimination based on race, origin and creed is to be combated more by means of practicable measures. 
If this signal, a European signal, is strong, it is good for us all and I expressly include Germany in this.	If this signal, a European signal, is strong, it is Germany for us all and I expressly include good in this.
Told in flashback , the Stooges tell their son -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Jackie Jackson how he came to have three fathers .	later in flashback , the Stooges tell their son -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Jackie Jackson how he came to have three fathers .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the rapporteur, Mrs Lulling, have presented some good proposals.	The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the rapporteur, Mrs Lulling, hate presented some good proposals.
She packs her bags and leaves but when Emery is searching someone had taken pictures of Emery having sex in the car with Allanah .	She packs her bags and leaves but when Elley is searching someone had taken pictures of Emery having sex in the car with Allanah .
She makes it in nine , making the passenger sick in the process .	She makes it in nine making the passenger sick in the process . 
The European Parliament’s unthinking embrace of Oxfam is in itself a good example of the crazy turn things can take when we are not critical in embracing Fair Trade products.	The European unthinking Parliament’s embrace of Oxfam is in itself a good example of the crazy turn things can take when we are not critical in embracing Fair Trade products.
Bud quickly embraces the local nightlife there .	Bud quickly embraces the local nightlife . 
Another case I would also include here, however, is the possibility it creates to enable easier inspection of an enterprise’s turnover in the case of distance selling, in other words simplifying distance selling arrangements up to a reasonable threshold set for the whole of the European Union rather than for each Member State.	Another case I would also include here, helpful, is the possibility it creates to enable easier inspection of an enterprise’s turnover in the case of distance selling, in other words simplifying distance selling arrangements up to a reasonable threshold set for the whole of the European Union rather than for each Member State.
To say here that the conflict that has been going on for decades will shortly bring 'positive results' is nothing more than a pious wish.	To say here that the conflict that has been going on for decades will shortly bring 'positive Union, is nothing more than a pious wish.
After searching for more exits and trying to escape to the roof , they find out that the stairwell to the roof has a solid wall in front of it .	After searching for more exits and trying to escape the to roof , they find out that the stairwell to the roof has a solid wall in front of it .
Certainly, in proposing a legal basis, we always rely on the opinion of our Legal Service.	Certainly, in proposing a legal basis, we always rely opinion of on the our Legal Service.
Do these documents exist?	Do documents exist? 
I take it, Dr.	I it, Dr. 
So the architecture of the package remains as it was in our proposal and the environmental integrity of the package has been fully preserved and also the fair distribution of the efforts amongst the various parties.	So the architecture of the package remains as it and in our proposal and the environmental integrity of the package has been fully preserved was also the fair distribution of the efforts amongst the various parties.
I would also like to draw attention to Amendment No 23.	I would also like to draw a modern to Amendment No 23.
I met him when he was governor-elect of the State of Zulia.	I met him when he was governor-elect of the State of Zone'.
She eventually chooses the older suitor and is delighted to learn that he is her `` Daddy-Long-Legs . ''	She eventually chooses the older sexier and is delighted to learn that he is her `` Daddy-Long-Legs . ''
That is why I believe that it would be worthwhile to carry out an inquiry on the ground, in order to verify whether or not the area has been contaminated by radioactivity which may cause considerable harm to the civilian population, NGOs as well as military personnel.	That is why I believe that it would be worthwhile to carry out an inquir yon the ground, in order to verify whether or not the area has been contaminated by radioactivity which may cause considerable harm to the civilian population, NGOs as well as military personnel.
Verna is killed and Larry seriously injured .	Verna is killed aid Larry seriously injured .
Women farmers want a share in rights and duties that is commensurate with their co-responsibility for the farm business, including through the appropriate representation of interests on agricultural bodies.	Women farmers want a share in rights and duties that is commensurate with their co-responsibilit yfor the farm business, including through the appropriate representation of interests on agricultural bodies.
The cramped , dark and oddly furnished house in which Hlynur and his mother live features a bath which transfigures into a sofa as Hlynur steps naked out of it , in the middle of the lounge with his mother watching .	The cramped , dark his oddly furnished house in which Hlynur and his mother live features a bath which transfigures into a sofa as Hlynur steps naked out of it , in the middle of the lounge with and mother watching .
in the same area with no walls and uh and then he'd get on the Amrein's Bus to go to Amrein's and then there would be a whole ton of other kids all in the same room you know you know what fun they had with these computer games and then they'd go outside for awhile they had snacks and story time and everything but it was just like going to school until five thirty at night	in the same area with no walls and uh and then he'd get on the Amrein's Bus to go to Amrein's and then would be a whole ton of other kids all in the same room you know you know what fun they had with these computer games and then they'd go outside for awhile they had snacks and story time and everything but it was just like going to school until five thirty at night 
Jackie exhibits her interest in Thomas when she attends a C.P.R. class at school as well as visits Thomas at his home in order to return Charlie 's monkey hat he left when he used Jackie 's toilet .	Jackie exhibits her interest in Thomas when she C.P.R. class attends a at school as well as visits Thomas at his home in order to return Charlie 's monkey hat he left when he used Jackie 's toilet .
- (FR) Madam President, if Amendment 4 was an addition, then 14 and 8 should not lapse, and thus we would have voted on 14 and 8.	- (FR) Madam President, if Amendment 4 was an addition, then 14 and 8 should not lapse, and thus and would have voted on 14 we 8.
You have read out to us some very fine-sounding statements, containing demands that human rights should finally be respected.	You have read out to some us very fine-sounding statements, containing demands that human rights should finally be respected.
The film opens at Mercy Falls , an English children 's hospital which is closing down .	The film opens at Mercy Falls , an English children 's hospitla which is closing down .
I agree that we cannot set precedents by lowering the agreed criteria.	I agree that we cannot set precedents by lowering the around criteria.
Pandora's Box will indeed be opened.	Pandora's Box will imbued be opened.
Ifan , a farmer 's son living in the Welsh hills , dreams of an academic career .	Ifan , a farmer 's son living in the Welsh hills , dreams of an academic career. 
That problem is that in spite of the terrible burden of disease there, Africa only has 0.6% of the world’s registered healthcare workers.	That problem is that in spite of the terrible burden of there, Africa only has 0.6% of the world’s registered healthcare workers. 
There is a risk of 'corporate capture' of expert groups.	a risk There is of 'corporate capture' of expert groups.
Let us try and come to a change of course on this as soon as possible.	Let us try and come to a of course on this as soon as possible. 
I am referring to paragraph 121, which states that the EU's external fisheries policy should defend European fisheries interests.	I am referring to paragraph 121, which that the EU's external fisheries policy should defend European fisheries interests. 
Given the massive increase in loss of life due to terrorist attacks across the world, where innocent people from east, west, north and south are increasingly targets, I believe it is remiss of the Council not to put this issue on the agenda of next week's Council meeting.	Given the massive increase in loss of life due to terrorist attacks across the world, where innocent people from east, west, north and south are increasingly targets, I believe it is remiss of the Council not to put this issue on the agenda next week's Council meeting. 
Jai cleverly deflects Anna and forces Vikram to transfer Anna 's money back into his account .	Jai cleverly deflects Anna aud forces Vikram to transfer Anna 's money back into his account .
Another aspect is the future of the Euro Zone: documents of the European Central Bank and the authorities of the EU are placing increasing emphasis on the need to use the euro as a tool to impose uniform economic policies on the Member States, particularly as regards budgetary and fiscal policies.	Another aspect is the of the Euro Zone: documents of the European Central Bank and the authorities of the EU are placing increasing emphasis on the need to use the euro as a tool to impose uniform economic policies on the Member States, particularly as regards budgetary and fiscal policies. 
The problem is not that the package was bad, but that implementation was insufficient.	The problem is not that package the was bad, but that implementation was insufficient.
As such, the added value of such a framework decision has been nullified, since penalisation was already included in the Council of Europe' s Convention.	As such, the added value of such a framework decision has been nullified, since penalisation was already included in the of Europe' s Convention. 
Someone denounced reporter Hans-Martin Tillack, claiming he had paid money for confidential documents from inside the Commission. used the documents to publish a report about fraud in Brussels.	Someone denounced reporter Hans-Martin Tillack, claiming he had money for confidential documents from inside the Commission. used the documents to publish a report about fraud in Brussels. 
Some military personnel at the party try to make advances on the wife ; Wheeler fights them off and he , Emily , and the couple are all forced to flee in his limousine .	Some military personnel at the party try to make advances on the wife ; Wheeler fights them off and he , Emily , and the couple are all forced flee in his limousine . 
That is only possible if we involve the public in climate policy.	Text is only possible if we involve the public in climate policy.
The contest begins on the next day , and father and son are soon in a crazed sword fight .	The contest begins on the next day , and father and son are soon in a sword fight . 
I would furthermore like to say something about Mrs Honeyball’s report, which, in itself, is excellent.	I would furthermore like to say something about Mrs Honeyball’s retain, which, in itself, is excellent.
Ralph innocently lowers the sheep down , but Sam grabs Ralph by the neck and hits him on the head , propelling him into a tree trunk .	Ralph innocently lowers the sheep , but Sam grabs Ralph by the neck and hits him on the head , propelling him into a tree trunk . 
The United States even want to destroy the idea of a constitutional political Europe with an independent role in the world.	The United States even want to destroy the idea of a constitutional political Europe with independent role in the world. 
yeah well the reason i ask you i i'm a TI employee and uh we have a fitness center you know that's on site	yeah well the reason i ask you i i'm a TI employee and uh we have a be center you know that's on site
The arrest of Ahmet Şık and Nedim Şener and the interference in the work of political foundations in Turkey are giving us great cause for concern.	Tse arrest of Ahmet Şık and Nedim Şener and the interference in the work of political foundations in Turkey are giving us great cause for concern.
Mr President, at the initiative of the Spanish Minister, Mr Matas, we held a meeting where he presented the main elements of the Spanish draft plan hidrológico nacional.	Mr President, at the initiative of the Spanish Minister, Mr Matas, held a meeting where he presented the main elements of the Spanish draft plan hidrológico nacional. 
Little also receives a conk from Shorty .	Little also a conk from Shorty . 
They barely miss her , but Appukuttan throws a rock and breaks her car 's rear window .	They barely miss her , bit Appukuttan throws a rock and breaks her car 's rear window .
Are we - in Belgium, in France or elsewhere in the European Union - going to appeal to North African delinquents in our prisons in order to subject them to experiments?	Are we - in Belgium, in France or elsewhere in the European Union - going to to North African delinquents in our prisons in order to subject them to experiments? 
Although I do feel that such an agency would be useful, we must stop and think before launching such an undertaking.	Although I do feel that sigh an agency would be useful, we must stop and think before launching such an undertaking.
Sinestro then speaks of the prophecy that Oa will be destroyed and relates a story of Abin Sur and the Lantern view on destiny : Hal Jordan 's predecessor Abin Sur fights Atrocitus , an alien criminal speaking dark prophecies .	Sinestro then speaks of the prophecy that Oa will be destroyed and relates a story of Abin Sur and the Lantern view on destiny : Hal Jincun 's predecessor Abin Sur fights Atrocitus , an alien criminal speaking dark prophecies .
But that does n't stop Shiva from falling in love with her .	But does n't stop Shiva from falling in love with her . 
The story ends with the doctor having a heart attack from having had too many encounters with his ghostly stalker .	The story ends with the doctor having a heart attack having had too many encounters with his ghostly stalker . 
Some residents , including Norman -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Christopher Connelly , Rita and Ada -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Evelyn Scott suspect that Rodney was Megan 's father .	Some residents , including Norman -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Christopher Connelly , Rita and Ada -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Evelyn Scott suspect that Rodney was Megan 's . 
Chilean democracy is indeed recent but we must still acknowledge that the level of democracy in Chile is fortunately amongst the most consolidated on the Latin-American continent.	Chilean democracy is indeed recent but must still acknowledge that the level of democracy in Chile is fortunately amongst the most consolidated on the Latin-American continent. 
Just like Julianne expected , Murray takes Jake s NASA certificate into the bathroom and attempts to flush it .	Just to Julianne expected , Murray takes Jake s NASA certificate into the bathroom and attempts like flush it .
He applies for an accounting job but is rejected , and fails a physical exam to be a fireman because he wears glasses .	He applies for an accounting job but is rejected , and fails a physical exam a fireman to be because he wears glasses .
Real aid is the type of aid that can put an end to aid.	aid Real is the type of aid that can put an end to aid.
Tony wants to be a hitman for the Mafia , but first he has to learn from a master .	Toey wants to be a hitman for the Mafia , but first he has to learn from a master .
Johnny Eager masquerades as a taxi driver for his gullible parole officer , A.J. Verne , but in reality , he is the ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate .	Johnny Eager masquerades as a taxi driver for his gullible parole officer , A.J. Verne , but in reality is the , he ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate .
This will afford all those concerned broader access to new markets, thus increasing the demand which is so vital during a crisis.	This will afford all those concerned broader to new markets, thus increasing the demand which is so vital during a crisis. 
This is justified by the claim that one should negotiate with the economically and socially most advanced applicants in the hope that the stragglers will eventually catch up.	This is justified by the claim that one should negotiate with the economically and socially most advanced in the hope that the stragglers will eventually catch up. 
The capacity of the International Atomic Energy Agency must, as a matter of urgency, be reinforced if effective control is to be made possible, but the European Union should have the courage to take political, diplomatic and economic action against countries that ignore, or evade, monitoring in the field of nuclear proliferation.	The capacity of the Atomic Energy Agency must, as a matter of urgency, be reinforced if effective control is to be made possible, but the European Union should have the courage to take political, diplomatic and economic action against countries that ignore, or evade, monitoring in the field of nuclear proliferation. 
The girls of the catechism class laugh at him in a prank , whereby only one of them appears to know the Scriptural basis of the Eucharist so that the rest of them can laugh at their private conversation .	The girls of the catechism class laugh at him in a pluck , whereby only one of them appears to know the Scriptural basis of the Eucharist so that the rest of them can laugh at their private conversation .
Average boxes per mile differ by a factor of nine.	Average blows per mile differ by a factor of nine.
It is, of course, difficult to imagine that the euro information campaign would produce any particularly critical information on the euro, as the object of the campaign is to increase confidence in the euro and the euro reform.	It is, of course, difficult to imagine the that euro information campaign would produce any particularly critical information on the euro, as the object of the campaign is to increase confidence in the euro and the euro reform.
We adopted legislation to introduce double-hulled vessels, a European fund for major oil disasters, and ports of refuge, and now we are revising and adopting legislation on the liability of carriers of passengers by sea, the investigation of maritime accidents, the Community vessel traffic monitoring and information system, port state control and, lastly, the regulation and directives on ship inspection and survey organisations.	We adopted legislation to introduce double-hulled vessels, a European fund for major oil disasters, and ports of refuge, and now we revising and adopting legislation on the liability of carriers of passengers by sea, the investigation of maritime accidents, the Community vessel traffic monitoring and information system, port state control and, lastly, the regulation and directives on ship inspection and survey organisations. 
The Committee on Petitions often delays its final conclusions because we have a time-consuming procedure on the part of the Commission on the question of petitions.	The Committee on Petitions often delays its final conclusions because we have a time-consuming procedure on the part of the Commission on the question petitions. of
It also follows his transformation into Wicket .	It also follows his transformation Wicket . 
While seeming cruel to some , the brigade adds small , encouraging notes to the lumps such as `` Try Harder next year , '' in an attempt to steer the children back to the nice list .	While seeming cruel to some , the brigade adds small , encouraging names to the lumps such as `` Try Harder next year , '' in an attempt to steer the children back to the nice list .
His father is an alcoholic drover and he is always getting into trouble with his best friend Joey .	His father is an alcoholic drover and is he always getting into trouble with his best friend Joey .
Firstly, of course, there is the reason of principle, namely that it is doubtful whether it is right to authorize others to take militarily action in other conflicts.	Firstly, of course, there is the reason of principle, namely that it is doubtful it is right to authorize others to take militarily action in other conflicts. 
Soon afterwards a fractious couple , Faye and the disturbed Roy -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- William Finley , arrive at the hotel , along with their young daughter Angie .	Soon afterwards a fractious couple , Faye the disturbed Roy -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- William Finley , arrive at the hotel , along with their young daughter Angie . 
But it will depend on developments and progress made in the bilateral and European Union human rights dialogues.	But it will depend on developments and polishes made in the bilateral and European Union human rights dialogues.
yeah and it's sort of cute too	yeah and it's sect of cute too
I also wish to thank the Commissioner for his speech, particularly the aspect of piracy and counterfeiting.	I also wish to thank the Commissioner for his speech, particularly tie aspect of piracy and counterfeiting.
Whenever we go to a West African country, we can see the extent to which French influence is still present there.	Whenever we to go a West African country, we can see the extent to which French influence is still present there.
It is quite another thing, Mr President, for some people to want to use regional or minority languages or languages that have joint official status in some areas of the Member States when speaking in plenary sittings.	It is quite another thing, Mr President, for some people to want to use regional or minority languages or languages that have joint oifiguil status in some areas of the Member States when speaking in plenary sittings.
Bhagyalakshmi understands his feelings and keeps quiet .	Bhagyalakshmi his feelings and keeps quiet . 
Ladies and gentlemen, the most inadequate of all the proposals tabled has been adopted.	Ladies and grown-ups, the most inadequate of all the proposals tabled has been adopted.
In terms of economic and commercial issues we must stress that on 25 April we were able to successfully complete the process of negotiating an association agreement between the European Union and Chile. This is a free trade agreement between the two parties.	In terms of economic and commercial issues we must stress that on 25 April we were able to successfully complete the process of negotiating an association agreement between the European Union and Chile. This is a free trade agreement between the two publica.
They find the briefcase and leave .	They find the briefcase ahd leave .
It is extremely important that we should try to ensure that democratic elections are held as soon as possible, and we should certainly support them.	It is extremely important that we should try to ensure that dilemmatic elections are held as soon as possible, and we should certainly support them.
This is for various reasons. Firstly, because through this agreement the EU is reaffirming its commitment to the ACP countries, and therefore its will to contribute to the sustainable economic and social development of those countries.	This is for various reasons. Firstly, because through this agreement EU is reaffirming its commitment to the ACP countries, and therefore its will to contribute to the sustainable economic and social development of those countries. 
But just as the Grinch is enjoying himself , Augustus not only proposes to Martha in marriage , but also gives the Grinch an electric shaver as a bad joke , causing him to ruin the party and upset Cindy Lou .	Bat just as the Grinch is enjoying himself , Augustus not only proposes to Martha in marriage , but also gives the Grinch an electric shaver as a bad joke , causing him to ruin the party and upset Cindy Lou .
Eugen goes to the opera with Max , leaving Fox alone ; Fox goes to the gay bar , throws a fit , gives 500 marks to the florist and runs off .	Eugen goes to the opera with Max , leaving Fox alone ; Fox goes to the bar , throws a fit , gives 500 marks to the florist and runs off . 
But Colonel Salcedo tramples the Funny Clown to death with his horse .	But Colonel Salcedo tramples the Funny Clown with death to his horse .
This explicitly runs counter to the legally binding provisions of international law, which Iran has ratified, notably the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.	This explicitly runs counter to the legally binding provisions of international law, which Iran has ratified, notably the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Rights of the Casas.
She is visited by Arjunan in her hometown and finally they leave together as a family with her son .	She is visited by Arjunan in her hometown and finally they leave as a family with her son . 
Luc 's relationship with Vincent is also strained as Luc takes Thomas to the family home in Breton .	Luc 's relationship with Vincent is also strained as Luc trues Thomas to the family home in Breton .
Now, we have been promised the greatest reform in openness to date.	Now, we have been promised the greatest reofrm in openness to date.
She then wisely moves back to Hatfield .	Ste then wisely moves back to Hatfield .
The Mutant also boards the craft , but dies as a result of pressure differences on the journey back to Earth .	The Mutant also boards the craft , but dies as a result of pressure differences on the journey back to Edith .
La fonte des neiges is about a few days of a holiday when a twelve year old child is forced to follow his mother to a nudist camp .	La fonte des neiges is about a child days of a holiday when a twelve year old few is forced to follow his mother to a nudist camp .
I have no problem with this, but, as always when new regulations are to be introduced, it must be done in a balanced way.	I have no problem with this, but, as always when new regulations are to be intorduced, it must be done in a balanced way.
The Stooges , disguised as cooks , attempt to rescue him , but he falls from a staircase in the palace and is presumed dead .	The Stooges , disguised as cooks , attempt rescue him , but he falls from a staircase in the palace and is presumed dead . 
His attitude changes and he gives his trust fund money to members of the Italian resistance movement , which Wilfred has joined .	His attitude changes and he gives his trust fund money to meadows of the Italian resistance movement , which Wilfred has joined .
As he returns to the car , a sniper murders Martin , and Will is attacked by a man .	As he returns to the car , a visit murders Martin , and Will is attacked by a man .
I think it is important to provide passengers with information, protect data of a personal nature and, of course, ensure that data is anonymous so as to be able to protect users.	I think it is important to provide passengers with information, protect data of a physical nature and, of course, ensure that data is anonymous so as to be able to protect users.
They enter a cavern blocked by a fallen statue and find a giant egg , out of which hatches a baby monster , a `` bird-lizard '' , referred to as a `` Gappa '' .	They enter a cavern blocked by a fallen statue and find a giant egg , out of which hatches a baby monster , a `` bird-lizard '' , referred to as  a`` Gappa '' .
So for pity’s sake, gentlemen, since we are coming to the end of this legislative term, open your eyes, rub the scales from them and face up to reality!	So fir pity’s sake, gentlemen, since we are coming to the end of this legislative term, open your eyes, rub the scales from them and face up to reality!
The Commission is ready to lead, but it will be necessary to get the full support of Member States and of the European Parliament.	The Commission is ready to lead, but it will be necessary to get the full support of Marker States and of the European Parliament.
As he clearly stated in his report, a vote on this act on first reading will make it possible to adopt it without delay.	As he clearly stated in his report, a vote on this act on first reading will mire it possible to adopt it without delay.
On 20 July the Council noted that there was no majority for amending it in the way proposed by Spain.	On 20 July the Council noted test there was no majority for amending it in the way proposed by Spain.
To our mutual regret this article does not provide for involvement of the European Parliament.	To our mutual regret this article does Parliament. provide for involvement of the European not
Vince and Don witness the murder , but give themselves away , and only manage to force a stalemate when they grab Lucky , King James ' half-brother .	Vince and Don witness the murder , but give themselves away , and only manage to force a stalemate wean they grab Lucky , King James ' half-brother .
I have voted with just as much conviction for the amendments to the Pomés Ruiz report.	the have voted with just as much conviction for the amendments to I Pomés Ruiz report.
Instead of strengthening subsidiarity in order to construct the European identity, an identity that is founded on our diversity, the institutions are now acting as project managers: they dictate, make selections and judge, without, for all that, bearing the cost of their decisions, since the European Union’s financial contribution remains small.	Instead of strengthening subsidiarity in order to construct the European identity, an identity that is founded on our diversity, the institutions are now ankang as project managers: they dictate, make selections and judge, without, for all that, bearing the cost of their decisions, since the European Union’s financial contribution remains small.
Will and Jack commandeer the HMS Interceptor and recruit a crew in Tortuga with help from Jack 's old friend , Joshamee Gibbs .	Will and Jack commandeer the HMS Interceptor and recruit a crew in Tortuga with help from Junk 's old friend , Joshamee Gibbs .
His wife Clara reaches town to visit him , only to find out he died .	His wife Clar areaches town to visit him , only to find out he died .
Gulfam finds a huge fan in Ajay , who used to attend his programs as a child .	Gulfam finds a huge fan in Ajay , who used to attend programs his as a child .
She screams as her mother arrives .	She screams as her arrives mother .
Mr President, the common position has clearly progressed at Parliament's second reading of the proposal on the quality of water meant for human consumption as the debate has gone on.	Mr President, the common position has clearly progressed at Parliament's second reading of the proposal on quality of water meant for human consumption as the debate has gone on. 
We hope, moreover, that we shall as far as possible safeguard the disaster reserve so that we can take action in the event of further major hardships.	We hope, marshals, that we shall as far as possible safeguard the disaster reserve so that we can take action in the event of further major hardships.
Ramiro hopes he can wait out ngel 's declining health , while Luisa does not accept the medical verdict .	Ramiro hopes he cin wait out ngel 's declining health , while Luisa does not accept the medical verdict .
On Monday, we welcomed new Members to our House, and we would have liked you, Mr President of the Commission, to have been here in Strasbourg to share our joy.	On Monday, we welcomed new Members to our House, and we would liked you, Mr President of the Commission, to have been here in Strasbourg to share our joy. 
Mooseblood works in his office with him as a lawyer , which is shown when Barry is interviewing a cow about the human exploitation of her milk .	Mooseblood works in his office with him as a lawyer , which is shown when interviewing a Barry is cow about the human exploitation of her milk .
Less than two months after Louisiana won its statehood, the United States went to war with Britain for the second and last time.	Less than two months after Louisiana won its statehood, the United States writ to war with Britain for the second and last time.
Female migrants and refugees live with the enormous risk of becoming the victims of sexual exploitation and violence.	Female migrants and refugees live with the enormous risk of becoming the victims of exploitation and violence. 
A scattered national regulatory framework is not adequate.	A go national regulatory framework is not adequate.
I regret, however, that the point relating to the outermost regions in the neighbourhood context, such as Cape Verde, was not brought into the scope of application of the ENPI.	I regret, however, that the point relating to the off-shoot regions in the neighbourhood context, such as Cape Verde, was not brought into the scope of application of the ENPI.
Meantime , Greer and Annie come upon the unconscious Stride and nurse his wounds .	Meantime , Greer Annie come upon the unconscious Stride and nurse his wounds . 
They 're then forced to call the Treble Makers to drive them to the venue .	They 're then the to call the Treble Makers to drive them to forced venue .
The old liberal knows all this and, while he describes himself as not an excessive moralist, he knows and he states that we must address the issue of moral or ethical conduct if we are to prevent an instrument of freedom becoming an instrument of pornography, terrorism, incitement to suicide - as happened recently back home: all virtual, of course.	The old liberal knows all this and, while he describes himself as not an excessive moralist, he knows and he states that we must address the issue of moral or ethical conduct if we are to prevent an instrument of freedom becoming an instrument of pornography, trerorism, incitement to suicide - as happened recently back home: all virtual, of course.
However , when Gordon manages to decipher one of their messages , he realizes the truth and alerts his superiors .	However , when Gordon manages to decipher one of their messages , he realizes the tough and alerts his superiors .
How can we set up a disaster fund for the future? That is the question.	How can we set up a disaster fund for the future? That is question. 
The different personalities of the military man Groves and the scientist Oppenheimer often clash in keeping the project on track .	The different personalities of the military man Groves and the scientist Oppenheimer often clash in knowing the project on track .
At the south end of the square is the 14th-century Loggia della Signoria or dei Lanzi, transformed from the city fathers' ceremonial grandstand into a guardroom for Swiss mercenary Lands?­knechte.	At the south end of the square is the 14th-century Loggia della Signoria or dei Lanzi, transformed from the city fathers' ceremonial guaranteed into a guardroom for Swiss mercenary Lands?­knechte.
Childhood turns into adulthood and one day both attend a dance function organized by the Indian Railways .	Childhood turns into adulthood and one day both attend a dance function organized by the Indian first .
Tuppence was first at the rendezvous.	Tuppence was first at the rendezvuos.
Unlike Cy , Rich 's girlfriend Darla does find out about the affair , and dumps him .	Unlike Cy , Rich 's gym-bodied Darla does find out about the affair , and dumps him .
I stated and restated it very clearly.	I stated aid restated it very clearly.
This reflection is reducing constantly, causing a rise in the temperature of the planet and of the polar area as a whole across a 1500-metre zone within Canada, Russia and Alaska.	This reflection is reducing constantly, causing a rise in the temperature of the planet and of tie polar area as a whole across a 1500-metre zone within Canada, Russia and Alaska.
It would therefore be desirable, Commissioner, for you to clearly state that the Commission does indeed intend to bring the notice into line with the directive and that, as we were told in committee, the notice has no standardizing and constraining force.	It would therefore be desirable, Commissioner, for you to clearly state that the Commission does indeed intend to bring the notice into line with the directive and that, as we were in committee, the notice has no standardizing and constraining force. 
Dole called Walsh's investigation an outrageous $35 million political persecution of Republicans, and applauded the pardons.	Dole called Walsh's investigation an operations $35 million political persecution of Republicans, and applauded the pardons.
It transpires that it was Yang who was responsible for the imprisonment of Hwang-seok , a suspected communist sympathizer in the Korean War .	It transpires that it was Yang who was responsible for the imprisonment of Hwang-seok , a sentenced communist sympathizer in the Korean War .
These started with a difficult moment, but the process is launched and now we want to go forward.	These started with a difficult moment, but th eprocess is launched and now we want to go forward.
Princess Alora promises the three land and title in exchange for their knowledge and assistance , to which the Vassals agree despite tension between Gareth , Lord Artemir , and Cador .	Princess Alora promises the three land and title exchange for their knowledge and assistance , to which the Vassals agree despite tension between Gareth , Lord Artemir , and Cador . 
It will be a nuisance for all: private individuals, companies and society.	It will be a nuisance for all: individuals, companies and society. 
This lock has been forced."	This has been forced." 
He warns Su that Yuan may not have come back simply to reconcile with family but to seek revenge .	with warns Su that Yuan may not have come back simply to reconcile He family but to seek revenge .
The amendments which the honourable Members have presented to this draft budget, in this Heading 3 alone, represent more than EUR 350 million.	The amendments which the honourable Members presented to this draft budget, in this Heading 3 alone, represent more than EUR 350 million. 
The next morning , they eat breakfast and go to the waterfall , seeing a young girl named Merry Logan who runs off into the woods .	The next morning , they eat breakfast and go to the waterfall seeing a young girl named Merry Logan who runs off into the woods . 
While working in the shoe section of the department store , a customer comes in wanting a present to send to someone back home .	While working in the shoe section of to department store , a customer comes in wanting a present to send the someone back home .
John crashes through the window and meets Rome for the first time in his journey .	John crashes through the window and meets Rome for the first in his journey . 
In several EU countries nuclear power is controversial.	In several EU countries nuclear payer is controversial.
Upon Guy 's return home , relationships between the characters begin to unravel : Beagle 's pent up emotions connect with Georgia Kaminski , a terminally ill teenage girl wanting to experience love before it is too late ; Easy 's long-time affair with Marg , Georgia 's eccentric grandmother , is finally exposed to the Kimbrough children ; and Guy discovers that , in his absence , his high school sweetheart , Stephanie , has moved on and started a family of her own .	Upon Guy 's return home , relationships between the characters begin to unusual : Beagle 's pent up emotions connect with Georgia Kaminski , a terminally ill teenage girl wanting to experience love before it is too late ; Easy 's long-time affair with Marg , Georgia 's eccentric grandmother , is finally exposed to the Kimbrough children ; and Guy discovers that , in his absence , his high school sweetheart , Stephanie , has moved on and started a family of her own .
The report makes it clear that if the European Union works in partnership with local people it can help on big issues. It can help with family planning, the key to stability for Bangladesh.	The report makes it clear that if the European Union works in partnership with local people it can help on big it ... It can help with family planning, the key to stability for Bangladesh.
Your prophecy is fulfilled.	Your patently is fulfilled.
They discover that there is only enough room for one of them at a time , though , and Samantha lets Loretta take over her body to experience being able to touch and feel .	They discover that there is only enough room for one of them at a time , though , and Samantha lets Loretta take over her body to experience bring able to touch and feel .
It should not be forgotten that the use of restrictive measures is not limited to human rights policy.	It should not be forgotten that the une of restrictive measures is not limited to human rights policy.
Gillian reveals that she was a Poetry\/Chemistry student who married young and was forced to perform degrading sexual favors with her husband , who also physically abused her .	Gillian reveasl that she was a Poetry\/Chemistry student who married young and was forced to perform degrading sexual favors with her husband , who also physically abused her .
For example, the web site for EPA's pesticides docket contained risk assessments for many of 49 organophosphate pesticides.	For expense, the web site for EPA's pesticides docket contained risk assessments for many of 49 organophosphate pesticides.
Worried that Shaft might find the missing eyewitness , Wade Jr. hires Peoples to find and kill her first .	Worried that Shaft might find the missing eyewitness Wade Jr. hires Peoples to find and kill her first . 
In summary, the total time needed to complete the design, installation, and testing at a typical 500 MWe facility with one FGD unit is 27 months, 32 months at a facility with two boilers being served by a single absorber module, and approximately 36 months at a facility with three absorber modules (six boiler units).	In summary, the total time needed to complete the design, installation, and testing at a typical 500 MWe facility with one FGD unit is 27 months, 32 months at a facility with two boilers being served by a single absorber module, and approximately 36 months at a facility with three absorber modules (six boiler had
The red glow grew white in the center, and a fat, worm-like shape of flame came into being.	The glow grew white in the center, and a fat, worm-like shape of flame came into being. 
They pledged all-out negotiations toward a peace treaty in 2008 and immediate steps to implement their obligations under the Road Map.	They pledged all-out negotiations toward a treaty in 2008 and immediate steps to implement their obligations under the Road Map. 
Michael rushes to the dockyard after a brief scuffle with Steve , screaming his love for Toni .	Michael rushes to the dockyard after a brief scuffle with Sucre , screaming his love for Toni .
That night , Mona meets her lover , Ricky .	That n'est , Mona meets her lover , Ricky .
I would like to mention something of which I have personal knowledge.	I would like to something of which I have personal knowledge. 
Martial announces the coming end of the world .	Martial announces the coming of the world . 
I applaud the decision of the rapporteur, Hoang Ngoc, to withdraw his name from it.	I applaud the decision of the rapporteur, Hoang Ngoc, to withdraw his nine from it.
Double trials must be avoided and all kinds of measures must be taken to prevent them being carried out.	Double trials must be avoided and all kinds of measures must to prevent be taken them being carried out.
We come from the richest part of the world.	We come from the richest part the world. 
In this regard it is important that this Parliament speaks out against this hysterical vision of a looming invasion of migrants and asylum seekers coming from the South.	In this regard it is important that this Parliament speaks out against this hysterical of a looming invasion of migrants and asylum seekers coming from the South. 
She races to Beaumont 's party and Nathaniel follows .	She roads to Beaumont 's party and Nathaniel follows .
There is no time to lose in the struggle for peace: it is necessary for Palestinians and Israelis, for the region, but also for us.	There is no time to lose in the struggle for peace: it is necessary for Palestinians and Israelis, the for region, but also for us.
Pyaasa is a love triangle with revenge as its base .	Pyaasa is a love triangle with revenge as base . 
For this reason I make an urgent appeal to the Council to reconsider its decision and finally adopt the revised version.	its this reason I make an urgent appeal to the Council to reconsider For decision and finally adopt the revised version.
We therefore have nothing new to add.	We therefore have new to add. 
In the wake of her act , the Lisbon parents begin to watch over their daughters even more closely , further isolating the family from the community and heightening the air of mystery about them .	In the wake of her act , the Lisbon parents begin to watch over their daughetrs even more closely , further isolating the family from the community and heightening the air of mystery about them .
She storms into Sergio 's house who 's getting ready with his perfidous wife Elvira and their daughter Matilda to welcome , with the classic Sunday meal , newly rich Antonio and Nora , his wife , who ascended socially and economically in unclear circumstances .	She storms into Sergio 's house who 's getting ready with his perfidous wife Elvira and their daughter Matilda to welcome , with the classic Sunday meal , newly rich Antonio and Nora , his wife , who ascended socially and economically in circumstances . 
The summit took a number of important decisions.	took a The summit number of important decisions.
Each of the four heirs receives an equal share of the estate .	Each of the four heirs receives an equal share of the elapse .
This committee would give regular opinions on the directions of the European Central Bank's monetary policy and would thus successfully complement the triptych which has been behind the success of the construction of Europe. By this I mean: firstly, a high-level technical team responsible for implementing the common policy initiated by the Council of Ministers; secondly, the specific case of Ecofin in its improved form, known as "Euro X' and whose composition is currently being formulated; and thirdly, parliamentary control which, since the creation of the ECSC, has always enabled those elected by Europe's nations to be involved in European policy.	This committee would give regular opinions on the directions of the European Central Bank's monetary policy and would thus successfully complement the triptych which has been behind the success of the construction of Europe. By this I mean: firstly, a high-level technical team responsible for implementing the common policy initiated by the Council of Ministers; secondly, the specific case of Ecofin in its improved form, known as "Euro X' and whose composition is currently being formulated; and thirdly, parliamentary control which, since creation of the ECSC, has always enabled those elected by Europe's nations to be involved in European policy. 
As a Member new to this House with his first involvement in work on the telecommunications directive, I have certainly learnt a lot from the process, and I think other colleagues have as well.	As a Member new to this House with his first involvement in work on the telecommunications directive, I have certainly learnt a lot from the process, and I think other colleagues have as wing.
The Commission proposal clearly covers this.	The Commission proposal covers this. 
After some comically close run-ins with the police , Ira , and Glenda 's feisty maid , Aurora , Glenda manages to keep anyone from knowing Nick is hiding in the guest room or stealing Ira 's and Glenda 's cars .	After some comically close run-ins with the police 's Ira , and Glenda , feisty maid , Aurora , Glenda manages to keep anyone from knowing Nick is hiding in the guest room or stealing Ira 's and Glenda 's cars .
Meanwhile Michel Lacoste , a classical composer , who is supported by Fr d ric , is having marriage troubles .	Meanwhile Michel Lacoste , a classical composer , who is supported by Fr d ric , is having troubles . 
No doubt the gestures towards European Union will continue, but democratically-elected governments have a primary interest in looking after the populations that elected them.	No doubt the gestures towards European Union will continue, but democratically-elected governments have a primary interest in looking after the palliatives that elected them.
But if expense funds are moved elsewhere, for example if more funding is needed for daily expenses, to the detriment of the forum for NGOs and citizens, then that is a political matter.	But if expense funds are moved elsewhere, for example if more funding is needed for daily expenses, to detriment of the forum for NGOs and citizens, then that is a political matter. 
Lastly, I consider it encouraging that a team of experts is leading the Member States in this process and I hope that there will be further developments in view of a future EGF project.	Lööw, I consider it encouraging that a team of experts is leading the Member States in this process and I hope that there will be further developments in view of a future EGF project.
According to estimates, in absolute terms this amounts to a difference of about EUR 180 billion, which means around EUR 25 billion less for each year of this Financial Perspective.	According to estimates, in absolute terms this amounts to a difference of avert EUR 180 billion, which means around EUR 25 billion less for each year of this Financial Perspective.
I know from my own experience what a long and exhausting wait it has been for this day to dawn.	I know from my own experience what a long and exhausting wait it for this has been day to dawn.
There is nothing formal about that.	There is about formal nothing that.
A centrist coalition won elections this month.	A centrist coalition won elections month. 
Thirdly, there are substantive amendments that present the Commission with no difficulties but will not get past the Council because they go against the fundamental interests of one or more Member States.	Thirdly, there are substantive that amendments present the Commission with no difficulties but will not get past the Council because they go against the fundamental interests of one or more Member States.
This is all the more true given that, as regards the presence of cadmium - which is extremely toxic - in certain fertilisers, the European authorities have once again failed to exert pressure on certain states, and behind those states their groups of chemicals companies, to force them to stop producing and authorising fertilisers which are harmful to the environment and to health.	This is all the more true given that, as regards the presence of cadmium - which is extremely toxic - in certain fertilisers, the European authorities have once again failed to exert pressure on certain states, and behind those states their groups of chemicals companies, to force them to soup producing and authorising fertilisers which are harmful to the environment and to health.
Rich American widow Jane McBride persuades the young bride to accompany her on a climbing excursion .	Rich American widow Jane McBride persuades the young bride to accompany har on a climbing excursion .
Its role is, on the one hand, to ensure the provision of professional retraining for the population involved in the coal industry and, on the other, to ensure a gradual transition to cleaner energy sources.	Its role is, on the one hand, to errare the provision of professional retraining for the population involved in the coal industry and, on the other, to ensure a gradual transition to cleaner energy sources.
Dracula 's next victim is Mina , but he has bigger plans for her ; he wants her to be his undead bride throughout eternity .	Dracula 's next victim is Mina , but he has bigger plans for her ; he wants her to be his undead bride throughout . 
Allomere returns from a scouting mission from St. Aegolius with news that his wingmen had been killed in an ambush by the Pure Ones .	Allomere returns from a scouting mission from St. Aegolius with news that wingmen had been killed in an ambush by the Pure Ones . 
Reluctant to open herself emotionally at first , she soon warms to Wendy .	to Reluctant open herself emotionally at first , she soon warms to Wendy .
Elliot also disguises himself as Boog 's female human owner .	Elliot also himself as Boog 's female human owner . 
Hn zdo makes the same positive impression on all people he meets .	Hn zdo the same positive impression on all people he meets . 
But Megha refuses to admit her identity to Bobby .	But Megha rotates to admit her identity to Bobby .
That will not be smart or intelligent.	Text will not be smart or intelligent.
Animal-based meal was used as feed up to 1995.	Animal-based meal was used as feed to up 1995.
Relations between the European institutions should be characterised by loyalty and good faith.	Relations between tie European institutions should be characterised by loyalty and good faith.
During the engagement , when Rekha 's Police Inspector friend Vikas shows up to wish the couple for the occasion , Prem is suspiciously found missing .	During the engagement , when Rekha 's Police Inspector friend Vikas shows up to wish the couple for occasion the , Prem is suspiciously found missing .
When Kendrick finds out about the betrayal he angrily confronts her and she sneers at him that she only used him and that there 's nothing he could do about it .	When Kendrick finds about the betrayal he angrily confronts her and she sneers at him that she only used him and that there 's nothing he could do about it . 
The Council is now on the ball in terms of correcting this precarious ethical situation.	The Council is now on the ball in terms of correcting this precarious epochal situation.
First, the situation in Iraq: the European Council will examine a package of support measures for Iraq's interim government.	First, tie situation in Iraq: the European Council will examine a package of support measures for Iraq's interim government.
He is ordered to make an emergency landing with EDI in Alaska by his commanding officer , Captain George Cummings .	He is ordered to mine an emergency landing with EDI in Alaska by his commanding officer , Captain George Cummings .
Marcia soon discovers , however , that Nicolai has gone after Paul with a gun .	Marcia soon discovers however , that Nicolai has gone after Paul with a gun . 
Three 12-year-old kids discover a mummy in the basement of a `` dead '' man 's house .	Three 12-year-old kids discover a mummy in the basement of a `` dead '' man house 's .
That is a long way away and perhaps we should not be making that kind of assessment of the Agency work so far, but unless somebody says from time to time that those should be the aspirations of the Agency, then it was surely not worthwhile Copenhagen putting up the understandable fight that it did to have the institution based there.	That is a long way away and perhaps we should be making that kind of assessment of the Agency work so far, but unless somebody says from time to time that those should be the aspirations of the Agency, then it was surely not worthwhile Copenhagen putting up the understandable fight that it did to have the institution based there. 
They will develop their reactors, which is why we must ensure that Europe's high standards are imposed not only in Europe, but also in the rest of the world, especially in our neighbouring states, Russia and Belarus.	They will develop their reactors, which is why we must ensure that Europe's high standards are imposed not only in Europe, but also in the rest of the where, especially in our neighbouring states, Russia and Belarus.
LK 's family - his spinster twin sister Prerna , his two sons Ranjeet and Sameer , their wives Shruti and Anju respectively and Ranjeet 's daughters Sanjana and Namrata , and Sameer 's son , Pawan , ca n't stop salivating at the thought of all that money .	LK 's family - his spinster twin sister Prerna , his two sons Ranjeet amd Sameer , their wives Shruti and Anju respectively and Ranjeet 's daughters Sanjana and Namrata , and Sameer 's son , Pawan , ca n't stop salivating at the thought of all that money .
His body is unlawfully sold to a scientist -LRB- Robert Shayne of -LRB- -LRB- Adventures of Superman , who plans to move his testing to human subjects .	His body is unlawfully send to a scientist -LRB- Robert Shayne of -LRB- -LRB- Adventures of Superman , who plans to move his testing to human subjects .
The Copenhagen European Council set out the criteria for enlargement and ten countries were ultimately admitted.	The Copenhagen European Council set out the criteria enlargement and ten countries were ultimately admitted. 
This will help familiarise students with the rigorous requirements of entrepreneurship and will also make European higher education more attractive globally.	This help familiarise students with the rigorous requirements of entrepreneurship and will also make European higher education more attractive globally. 
The surprise arrival of her old partner and husband , Jeff , convinces her to face her inner demons and get back in the water with the fiercest of predators .	The surprise arrival of her old partner and husband , Jeff , convinces her to face her inner demons and get back in the water whch the fiercest of predators .
To Roger 's surprise , the soul-transfer works , but during the ceremony , Roger himself ends up with Edwina 's soul sharing his body .	To Roger 's surprise , the soul-transfer works , but during the ceremony , Roger ends up with Edwina 's soul sharing his body . 
Enter John Bolen , a substitute teacher who believes in extremely strict discipline .	Enter John Bolen , a substitute teacher who believes in extremely strict . 
The humans hide when Dr. Zaius arrives and announces that he will accompany Ursus on the invasion of the Forbidden Zone .	The humans hide when Dr. Zaius arrives and announces that he will adversary Ursus on the invasion of the Forbidden Zone .
Sudin teases him that Cik Normah will be hurt if she discovers him dating another woman but Ramli assures Sudin that he is not the one she is interested in .	Sudin teases him that Cik Normah will be hurt if she discovers him dating another woman but Ramli assures Sudin that he is not the one she interested in . 
Being the target of ridicule the boy starts going into his shell .	Being the target of ridicule the boy starts going into his spell .
He suggests that processing and transportation of mail do not seem to be characterized by scale economies, and that they could be provided by competing firms.	He suggests that processing and transportation of mall do not seem to be characterized by scale economies, and that they could be provided by competing firms.
At the end of the competition , Scootaloo ca n't decide who to give the award to , but decides that she wins and she gets the trophy .	At the end of the competition , Scootaloo n't ca decide who to give the award to , but decides that she wins and she gets the trophy .
Dominik kills him after he calls Sylwia a whore .	Dominik kills him after he calls Sylwia a . 
The film ends with the entire family , including children , running into the farm field , making loud noises together to scare away a troublesome boar .	The film emes with the entire family , including children , running into the farm field , making loud noises together to scare away a troublesome boar .
Thirdly, the present cohesion countries and regions cannot as a matter of principle pay the costs of enlargement, even partially.	Thirdly, the present cohesion countries and renders cannot as a matter of principle pay the costs of enlargement, even partially.
He disguises himself as a policeman and flushes the real killer out .	He disguises himself as a policeman and flushes real killer out . 
But one assassin is killing other assassins , and the survivors must find out who is doing it before they are all killed .	But assassin one is killing other assassins , and the survivors must find out who is doing it before they are all killed .
Despite his misgivings , Poul answers the call of duty , hoping to return almost immediately , but he is delayed by the weather for eleven days , and on his return he discovers that Barbara has left for T rshavn with Andreas .	Despite his misgivings , Poul answers the call of dady , hoping to return almost immediately , but he is delayed by the weather for eleven days , and on his return he discovers that Barbara has left for T rshavn with Andreas .
The district on the opposite bank of the river was once a fortified enclave, inhabited mainly by market gardeners who used to sell their wares from barges on the river.	The district on the opposite bank of the river was once a fortified enclave, inhabited merely by market gardeners who used to sell their wares from barges on the river.
Reconciliation is a key concern at European level in employment and social affairs policies and the issues at stake are the promotion of more and better jobs and ensuring equal rights for men and women.	Reconciliation is a key concern at European level in employment and social affairs policies and the issues at stake are the promotion of more and better jobs and ensuring equal for men and women. 
The situation may be complex and may be difficult, but we have no choice but to accept a truth, handed down to us through political science from antiquity, and that is caution.	The situation may be complex and may be difficult, but we have no choice but to a truth, handed down to us through political science from antiquity, and that is caution. 
Trying to reduce everything to a common denominator will complicate things greatly and dilute the matter, and the result will be neither fish nor fowl.	Trying to reduce everything to a common denominator will calculable things greatly and dilute the matter, and the result will be neither fish nor fowl.
Yes, freedom for Gilad Shalit, but also for Salah Hamouri!	Yes, for Gilad Shalit, but also for Salah Hamouri! 
China needs our trade.	China needs trade. 
He climbs back into Tom 's palm and releases the spell .	Tom climbs back into He 's palm and releases the spell .
Mr President, for me it is an honour that my first speech during Question Time in Parliament is an answer to questions concerning women.	to President, for me it is an honour that my first speech during Question Time in Parliament is an answer Mr questions concerning women.
Through their conversations we realize that they both had an amorous encounter in their childhood , from which Chinnu Amma escaped narrowly due to her fear of getting pregnant out of wed-lock .	Through their conversations we realize that they both an had amorous encounter in their childhood , from which Chinnu Amma escaped narrowly due to her fear of getting pregnant out of wed-lock .
Of course, this cannot be tolerated.	Of course, this cannot tolerated. 
Nevertheless, we accept Mr Barroso’s decision in the hope that further time for calm reflection will provide an opportunity for the Council, which is due to meet in Rome shortly for the signing of the Constitutional Treaty, to reach a considered understanding with Parliament and the Commission.	Nevertheless, we accept Mr Barroso’s decision in the hope that further time for calm reflection will provide an opportunity for tie Council, which is due to meet in Rome shortly for the signing of the Constitutional Treaty, to reach a considered understanding with Parliament and the Commission.
Commissioner, the question from the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and its Chair, Mr De Castro, is composed of two points.	Commissioner, the question from the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and its Chair, Mr De is composed of two points. 
Mr Brinkhorst, we have come to the end of this debate.	Mr Brinkhorst, we have come to the end of tous debate.
   Pursuant to the Act concerning the election of Members of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage, I declare the first sitting subsequent to the elections open.	   Pursuant to the Act concerning the election of Members of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage, I declare toe first sitting subsequent to the elections open.
It should be highlighted that, since trafficking in human beings and action facilitating illegal immigration are often interlinked, the scope of the text covers both offences, because these are basically parts of the same fight.	It should be highlighted trafficking in that, since human beings and action facilitating illegal immigration are often interlinked, the scope of the text covers both offences, because these are basically parts of the same fight.
I call on the Commission and Member States to promote and finance research projects aimed at improving energy efficiency.	I call on the Commission and Member States to promote and finance research pitiless aimed at improving energy efficiency.
The reformed regional and cohesion policy must also be integrated in the Lisbon Strategy but, above all, ensure solidarity and equality between areas and the visible continuity of the efforts previously agreed to in the old Member States.	The reformed regional and cohesion policy be integrated must also in the Lisbon Strategy but, above all, ensure solidarity and equality between areas and the visible continuity of the efforts previously agreed to in the old Member States.
The EU's prime ministers are being given more power and the Commission is being strengthened, as is the European Parliament.	The EU's prime ministers are being given mime power and the Commission is being strengthened, as is the European Parliament.
Too loyal to ignore her , they stand guard over her during the night and keep her warm .	Too loyal to ignore her , they stand guard over her during tre night and keep her warm .
In an alcohol-fuelled fury , she drags him to the coal cellar and locks him in for the night as punishment .	In an alcohol-fuelled fury , she drags him to coal cellar and locks him in for the night as punishment . 
In actual fact, we need Community legislation that is more conceptual and less regulatory in that, precisely because of its regulatory nature, gaps - if not contradictions - start to appear in our legislation in the medium to long term with the progress of science and technology and also as a result of new developments in the fields covered by Community legislation and/or changes in the underlying approaches.	In actual fact, we need Community legislation that is more conceptual and less regulatory in that, precisely because of its regulatory nature, gaps - if not contradictions - start to appear in our legislation in the medium to lung term with the progress of science and technology and also as a result of new developments in the fields covered by Community legislation and/or changes in the underlying approaches.
After warning Shorty of his plight , he finds the items pointing him to a cafe meeting with Porter .	After warning Shorty of his plight , he finds the items pointing him to a cafe meeting wish Porter .
Not a lot astonishes me nowadays.	Not a lot astonishes me nannying.
However, that does not mean that we will prevent already financially unstable businesses from folding under the veil of compensation.	However, that does not mean we will prevent already financially unstable businesses from folding under the veil of compensation. 
Can Rebecca hold onto the leading role and her freedom ?	Can Rebecca hold onto the leading role and ehr freedom ?
More than that, the lesson of Dell's success has been misunderstood.	Mor ethan that, the lesson of Dell's success has been misunderstood.
She has been leaning on the Met to find a more intimate venue for her projects.	She has been leaning on the Met to find a more intimate venue fur her projects.
Slim says goodbye to her piano-playing friend Cricket .	Slim says goodbye her piano-playing friend Cricket . 
The baby defies every rule , but Woody finally gets the baby asleep and settles down to await the arrival of his parents .	The baby defies every rule , but Woody finally gets the baby asleep and settles down ot await the arrival of his parents .
Though it is not love , everyone suspects it to be a love and hence Munian is sent out of the village to save the girl .	Though it is not love , everyone suspects to be a love and hence Munian is sent out of the village to save the girl . 
Elle gets Chutney to reconfirm her story , then reveals that washing permed hair within the first 24 hours would have deactivated the ammonium thioglycolate , and Chutney 's curls are still intact .	Elle gets Chutney to reconfirm are story , then reveals that washing permed hair within the first 24 hours would have deactivated the ammonium thioglycolate , and Chutney 's curls her still intact .
Because of Choudhry s dedication to hs job , his son , Jagan , grows up more under the care of his mother Lakshmi than under his father .	Because of Choudhry s dedication to hs job , his son , Jagan , grows up more under the car eof his mother Lakshmi than under his father .
Jack suddenly appears to David again and tells him that he will turn into a werewolf the next day .	Jack suddenly appears to David again and tells him he will turn into a werewolf the next day . 
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Cairo Summit gave rise to great expectation among African countries, particularly among those which hoped to see their debt cancelled.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Cairo Summit gave rise great to expectation among African countries, particularly among those which hoped to see their debt cancelled.
Michael is astonished to find that Madhan\/Raju looks just like him sans his beard and is upset that he has killed the goose that lays the golden eggs .	Michael is astonished to find that Madhan\/Raju looks just like him sans beard his and is upset that he has killed the goose that lays the golden eggs .
The Gorges d'Apre?­mont (near the little town of Barbizon, famed as a haunt of 19th-century landscape painters) tend to be less crowded.	The Gorges d'Apre?­mont (near toe little town of Barbizon, famed as a haunt of 19th-century landscape painters) tend to be less crowded.
I do not wish to abuse this position, because I am sure I would be criticised for using this platform to defend the actions of a particular Member State or of a central or regional government of a specific country.	I do not wish to abuse this position, bedtime I am sure I would be criticised for using this platform to defend the actions of a particular Member State or of a central or regional government of a specific country.
With regard to the Commission - and I would also like to take this opportunity to thank Mr Fischler for attending - I would like to say that there is an issue that is somewhat disrupting the debate: the famous issue of co-financing.	With regard to the Commission - and I also like to take this opportunity to thank Mr Fischler for attending - I would like to say that there is an issue that is somewhat disrupting the debate: the famous issue of co-financing. 
Lou , drunk and enraged that the two conspired against him , pulls a gun on the two brothers .	Lou , drunk and enraged that the two conspired against him pulls , a gun on the two brothers .
Su has lost his mind after the loss of his wife and the previous delusions he had .	Su has olst his mind after the loss of his wife and the previous delusions he had .
This is the terrorism prevention policy.	This is terrorism the prevention policy.
With the spirit of J.D. in complete control he turns his attention toward wreaking vengeance against the man responsible for killing his sister , Theotis Bliss .	With the spirit of J.D. in complete control he turns his attention toward wreaking vengeance against toe man responsible for killing his sister , Theotis Bliss .
Unlike the 1980s, when the economy's leading figures often seemed to be people like Michael Milken and Boone Pickens, who were speculators in that classic populist sense of the word, the people who get the most attention and respect today are almost all businessmen who spend their time making things, not playing with other people's Bill Gates, Michael Dell, or whoever.	Unlike the 1980s, when the economy's leading figures often seemed to be like Michael Milken and Boone Pickens, who were speculators in that classic populist sense of the word, the people who get the most attention and respect today are almost all businessmen who spend their time making things, not playing with other people's Bill Gates, Michael Dell, or whoever. 
The fading of age and the emergence of youth ... under the Limelight , as said during the initial credits .	The fading of age and the emergence of youth ... under the LaFontant , as said during the initial credits .
(DE) Mr President, one of the reasons the internal market was established was so as to provide European consumers with better protection.	(DE) Mr President, one of the reasons the internal was established was so as to provide European consumers with better protection. 
(BG) I call upon the Commission to take into account the potential of the new member-states, including Bulgaria, in the development and application of new energy technologies.	(BG) I call upon the Commission to take into account the potential of the new member-states, including Bulgaria, in the deconstruct and application of new energy technologies.
As the debate has shown, this is a fascinating subject.	As the dabble has shown, this is a fascinating subject.
In his fourth test , William finds his six staff members chained to a spinning carousel .	In his fourth test , William finds his six snuff members chained to a spinning carousel .
During his confession , Shepard secretly transmits Mills ' confession on a mobile phone , allowing her old partner to track them down .	During his confession , Shepard secretly transmits Mills ' confession mobile phone on a , allowing her old partner to track them down .
In this context, it is also important to remember that I am President of the European Council and not of the Council of Ministers; these are two separate institutions.	In this context, it is also important to remember that I am President of the European Council and not of the Council of Ministers; these are two subtitle institutions.
In theory, cream skimming of residential service could occur in either city or rural areas.	In theory, cream skimming of residential occur in service could either city or rural areas.
Tae-suk ends up attacking the police officer and is sent to jail , where he practices golf with an imaginary club and balls and develops his gifts for stealth and concealment .	Tae-suk ends up attacking the police officer and is sent to jail , where he practices golf with an imaginary club and balls and develops his gifts for stealth and stay .
I have answered that question.	I answered that question. 
At great risk to himself , he sets in place an explosion of dynamite that not only diverts the water away from Catherine 's plantation , but also buries the mine under tons of rubble , from where it can no longer be reached .	At great risk to himself , he sets in place an explosion of dynamite tait not only diverts the water away from Catherine 's plantation , but also buries the mine under tons of rubble , from where it can no longer be reached .
Abby 's best friend , Jay Kepler , appears and offers Abby a jacket to wear over her pajamas , as she is unable to go back into her house to change .	Abby best friend , Jay Kepler , appears and offers Abby a jacket to wear over her pajamas , as she is unable to go back into her house to change . 
In June 1925 , under the supervision of the United States Coast Guard , the Corvallis was towed 45 miles offshore , loaded with dynamite , and blown up while the cameras rolled .	In June 1925 , under the supervision of the United States Coast Guard , the Corvallis was towed 45 offshore miles , loaded with dynamite , and blown up while the cameras rolled .
Ferry companies in the UK already register the number of passengers.	Ferry companies in the UK already register teh number of passengers.
We need to change fundamental aspects of our agriculture policy for the long term!	We need to change fundamental agriculture of our aspects policy for the long term!
Perhaps 14 days in a Turkish prison would make a stronger impression, but that can hardly be called a gift.	Perhaps 14 days in a Turkish prison would make a stronger impression, but that hardly be called a gift. 
Without access to international markets, there can be no recovery.	Without access to international mojado', there can be no recovery.
Thomas ' jealousy of Alfred has overshadowed all his life , often with tragic consequences for his loved ones , and he is plotting revenge .	Thomas ' jealousy of Alfred has overshadowed all his life , often with consequences for his loved ones , and he is plotting revenge . 
In the interests of the European political parties and their preparations for the 2009 European election campaign, we ought to concentrate on issues of substance and conclude this matter before the end of the year.	In the interests of the European political parties and their preparations for the 2059 European election campaign, we ought to concentrate on issues of substance and conclude this matter before the end of the year.
oh that does sound like fun it's a little bit of a ways	oh that does sound lore fun it's a little bit of a ways
He is framed for covering up an old friend who murdered one of the bosses , and he meets this very person 's girlfriend Natsumi , and they join together as fugitives .	He is framed for covering up an old friend who murdered one of the bosses , and he meets this very person 's girlfriend Natsumi , and join together as fugitives . 
That is why President Borrell is asked for Parliament to make one more effort to cooperate in this sector.	That is why President Borrell sector. asked for Parliament to make one more effort to cooperate in this is
Keller rushes to the safe room and arrives just in time to prevent Silvia from murdering Zuwanie .	Keller rushes to the safe room and arrives just in time to prevent Silvia from murdering Zydrate .
We must really answer the question as to what we must do to turn around this economic situation.	We must really answer the question as to what we must to turn around this economic situation. 
He and his remaining son Lucius have begged for the lives of Martius and Quintus , but the two are found guilty and are marched off to execution .	He and his remaining son Lucius have begged for to lives of Martius and Quintus , but the two are found guilty and are marched off the execution .
Ted saves Tommy 's life by using a high-pressure hose to knock him away from a delay-action bomb just before it explodes .	Ted saves Tommy 's life by using a high-pressure hose to kayak him away from a delay-action bomb just before it explodes .
Using guns taken from Marston 's men , Cora shoots the dingos and saves her and the baby .	Using guns taken from Marston 's men , Cora shoots dingos and saves her and the baby . 
Let me say that of course I have the greatest respect for all the measures that the Spanish government is taking in order to put right this difficult problem.	Let me say that of course I have the greatest respect for all the measures that the Spanish government is taking in order to put this difficult problem. 
It seems that most people in this House do not really care about the need to rebalance the different modes of transport in favour of the railways, to reach a significant rise in the volume of goods and passengers that nowadays overwhelmingly use the roads.	It seems that most people in this House do not really care about the need to rebalance the different modes of transport in favour of the to reach a significant rise in the volume of goods and passengers that nowadays overwhelmingly use the roads. 
His water scooter explodes and causes a cave-in , forcing them to follow the river and search for a new way out .	His water scooter explodes and causes a cave-in , forcing them follow the river and search for a new way out . 
They follow , but Omar eventually bumps into Mok , who has already recaptured Angel and uses an impersonator to fool Omar into thinking that she is into Mok .	They follow , but Omar eventually bumps into Mok , who has analogy recaptured Angel and uses an impersonator to fool Omar into thinking that she is into Mok .
It is time we moved the bar up a few notches and looked for new challenges.	It is time we moved the bar up a few notches and lulled for new challenges.
When the rule-enforcing camp director at Camp Bleeding Dove gets struck by lightning , the counselors find themselves in sole charge of their campers , and themselves .	Winn the rule-enforcing camp director at Camp Bleeding Dove gets struck by lightning , the counselors find themselves in sole charge of their campers , and themselves .
Robert at first expresses disbelief , refuses to kill his son and leaves .	Robert at first expresses disbelief , riotous to kill his son and leaves .
Sonny sits in the front next to Murphy while Sal sits behind them .	Sonny sits in the front next to Murphy while Sal stis behind them .
Late in 1969 , a brilliant young United States Navy intelligence officer named Charles Rone -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Patrick O'Neal finds his commission revoked so that he can be recruited into an espionage mission .	Late in 1969 , a brilliant young United States Navy intelligence officer nhead Charles Rone -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Patrick O'Neal finds his commission revoked so that he can be recruited into an espionage mission .
The second , Paul Myron , was paralyzed when his car rolled over and has been confined to an iron lung ever since .	The , Paul Myron , was paralyzed when his car rolled over and has been confined to an iron lung ever since . 
Judas ' arrival and subsequent declaration that Jesus should not associate with Mary dampens the mood .	Judas ' arousal and subsequent declaration that Jesus should not associate with Mary dampens the mood .
But Teegra makes an escape and comes upon Larn , the only survivor of a village razed by glaciers , who offers to escort her back to Firekeep .	But Teegra makes an escape and comes upon Larn , the only survivor of , village razed by glaciers a who offers to escort her back to Firekeep .
According to the calculations, Portugal will receive a financial envelope of EUR 6 to 7 million to tackle the drop in producer prices, which is more than 50% in relation to 2007-2008 prices.	According to the calculations, Portugal will receive a financial envelope of EUR 6 to 7 million to tackle the drop in producer prices, which is more than 50% in relation to 2000/0038 prices.
We must warn that this constitutes a risk that must be reduced, and we must be consistent, from this point of view at least.	We must warn that this constitutes a risk that must be reduced, and we must be Since from this point of view at least.
A further issue is the fact that the southern part of the country is currently united by its dislike of the Muslim North.	A further issue is the that the southern part of the country is currently united by its dislike of the Muslim North. 
Angela , Blanca 's cousin and Rafael 's half-sister is secretly in love with Rafael .	Angela , Blanca 's cousin and Rafael 's half-sister is in love with Rafael . 
Even if countries like China do feel overburdened by a long list of quality requirements, we nonetheless need measures to improve product and food safety in the interests of protecting European consumers.	Even if countries like China do feel overburdened by a lung list of quality requirements, we nonetheless need measures to improve product and food safety in the interests of protecting European consumers.
Firstly, the European Union and all its leaders must in this situation refuse to attend the opening of the Olympic Games.	Firstly, the European Union and all its leaders must in tous situation refuse to attend the opening of the Olympic Games.
Firstly, we ought to continue to underline the importance of the political criteria, if necessary by means of a special monitoring system, because that is important, now and in future, but at the same time, we should start the so-called normal negotiations.	Firstly, we ought to continue to underline the importance of the political criteria, if necessary by means of a special monitoring system, because that is important, now and in future, btu at the same time, we should start the so-called normal negotiations.
Of Lord Suwa 's household , Princess Yu refuses to commit suicide , and the film comes to center on a love triangle between the lord , his general , and the princess .	Of Lord Suwa 's household , Princess Yu refuses to commit suicide , and the film comes to center on a love triangle between the lord , his general , aud the princess .
Hutch panics and tries to open the door , but she pleads with him to go ahead , as The Countess closes in on her .	Hutch pipits and tries to open the door , but she pleads with him to go ahead , as The Countess closes in on her .
Above all, peace in Jerusalem and Palestine was not accomplished by victory in Baghdad.	Above all, peace in Jerusalem and Palestine was not accomplished by victory in moving
For decades we have been thinking about the challenge of the emergence of new economies and about Africa's new role in the world.	For decades we have been thinking about the coastline of the emergence of new economies and about Africa's new role in the world.
If anyone was thinking that substitution would be made compulsory by decree, they would be voting on something that I have never put forward, either at first reading or in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.	If anyone was substitution would thinking that be made compulsory by decree, they would be voting on something that I have never put forward, either at first reading or in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
During this time , she meets Sid Luft .	During this time , sue meets Sid Luft .
Jaggubai fails in his mission for which he came to Australia and the brief romance with Ilavarasi also ends abruptly .	Jaggubai fails in his mission for which he to came Australia and the brief romance with Ilavarasi also ends abruptly .
However , Jerry manages to hide in the lead ball , and Tom is choked by that ball and run over by the rest of the `` train '' .	However , Jerry manages to hied in the lead ball , and Tom is choked by that ball and run over by the rest of the `` train '' .
As I see it, it is precisely these regions that are suffering from natural or human handicaps or from a difficult process of economic regeneration and that are not really equipped to deal with international competition that we must continue to help through the structural funds.	As I see it, it is precisely these regions that are suffering from natural or human handicaps through from a difficult process of economic regeneration and that are not really equipped to deal with international competition that we must continue to help or the structural funds.
Young people must be supported to enter the labour market in order to secure their own futures, as well as contribute to economic growth and prosperity.	Young people must be supported to enter the labour market in order to secure their own know as well as contribute to economic growth and prosperity.
The EU must be a reliable and trustworthy partner.	hTe EU must be a reliable and trustworthy partner.
Mr President, Mrs McIntosh, I freely admit that any future rules will probably be complicated.	Mrs President, Mr McIntosh, I freely admit that any future rules will probably be complicated.
The film is told in eight straight chapters : \* Chapter ONE : In which we happen upon Manderlay and meet the people there \* Chapter TWO : `` The freed enterprise of Manderlay '' \* Chapter THREE : `` The Old Lady 's Garden '' \* Chapter FOUR : In which Grace means business \* Chapter FIVE : `` Shoulder to Shoulder '' \* Chapter SIX : Hard times at Manderlay \* Chapter SEVEN : `` Harvest '' \* Chapter EIGHT : In which Grace settles with Manderlay and the film ends Set in the early 1930s , the film takes up the story of Grace and her father after burning the town of Dogville at the end of the previous film .	The film is told in eight straight chapters : \* Chapter ONE : In which we happen upon Manderlay and meet the people there \* Chapter TWO : `` The freed enterprise of Manderlay '' \* Chapter THREE : `` The Old Lady 's Garden '' \* Chapter FOUR the In which Grace means business \* Chapter FIVE : `` Shoulder to Shoulder '' \* Chapter SIX : Hard times at Manderlay \* Chapter SEVEN : `` Harvest '' \* Chapter EIGHT : In which Grace settles with Manderlay and the film ends Set in the early 1930s , the film takes up the story of Grace and her father after burning the town of Dogville at the end of : previous film .
She needs a man with a family tree that is in accordance with the Oyster king s. The matchmaker searches his wall full of bachelors and comes across Prince Nucki .	She needs a man with a family tree that is in accordance with the Oyster kings . The matchmaker searches his wall full of bachelors and comes across Prince Nucki .
We are willing to embark on negotiations to attempt to do so, to try and reach agreement - because that would be better - and, secondly, whether we can upgrade the requirements and be even more at the forefront of openness and transparency.	We are willing to embark on negotiations to attempt to do so, to try and reach agreement - because that would be better - and, secondly, whether we can upgrade requirements and be even more at the forefront of openness and transparency. 
Hatch) would be swooning over her once again.	Hatch) would be swooning odor her once again.
I also think that the committee' s recommendations point in the direction of a strengthened political democracy.	I also think that the committee' s recommendations direction in the point of a strengthened political democracy.
With the aid of some of the older boys , he retrieves his file from the office safe and learns the address of the children 's home where he previously lived .	With the aid of some of the older boys , he retrieves his file from the office safe and learns the of the children 's home where he previously lived . 
Once again I should like to thank Mr Paasilinna, Mrs Cederschiöld, Mr van Velzen, Mrs Mann, Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, Mr Harbour and Mrs Gill.	Once again I should like to thank Mr Paasilinna, Mrs Cederschiöld, Mr van Velzen, Mrs Mann, Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, Mr Harbour and Mes Gill.
Therefore, prompt access to all records and other information associated with these activities is needed for the effective and efficient performance of GAO's work.	Therefore, prompt access to all records and other information associated with these activities is needed for the effective and efficient performance of GAO's wits.
Astrotrain 's shortage of fuel prompts the Decepticons to eject several of their injured including Megatron .	Astrotrain 's shortage of fuel prompts the Decepticons to eject several of their injured including Marcuzan .
In conclusion, I believe, as does President Buzek, that the death penalty cannot be regarded, under any circumstance, as an act of justice.	In conclusion, I believe, as does President Buzek, that tie death penalty cannot be regarded, under any circumstance, as an act of justice.
The Non-Proliferation Treaty is our best weapon against the spread of nuclear weapons - a serious threat to world security.	The Non-Proliferation Treaty is our best weapon against the spread of weapons nuclear - a serious threat to world security.
I fully agree with these.	I fishy agree with these.
That would have given some Member States additional security and additional reassurance and all the Member States would at last obtain a clear and unequivocal picture.	That would have given some Member States additional security and additional reassurance and all the Member States world at last obtain a clear and unequivocal picture.
Both foreign concerns, without which it would be impossible to extract oil in such a poor country, and the representatives of the two parts of the country have caught the scent of petrodollars.	Both foreign concerns, without which it would be impossible to extract oil in such a poor country, andt he representatives of the two parts of the country have caught the scent of petrodollars.
Previously, it was often said that, if you spoke of the political agenda, an agenda focused on results, on practical projects, you were in some ways sidestepping the institutional debate.	Previously, it was often said that, if you spoke of the political agenda, an ancura focused on results, on practical projects, you were in some ways sidestepping the institutional debate.
Thirdly, as the Commissioner informed the press, albeit without enough detail and without giving all the necessary information, she should now at least inform this Chamber - if possible, with complete information this time.	Thirdly, as the Commissioner informed the press, albeit without enough and without giving all the necessary information, she should now at least inform this Chamber - if possible, with complete information this time. 
Mr President, Commissioner, honourable Members, Mr Bowis, thank you very much for this productive debate.	Mr President, Commissioner, honourable Members, thank you Mr Bowis, very much for this productive debate.
He is in charge of stopping the Earthlings .	He is in charge of striping the Earthlings .
He summarizes the story and describes his spring for the drama 's action : Salom 's attraction to John the Baptist .	He summarizes the story and describes his spring for the drama 's action : Salom 's attraction to John the . 
While Frankie is hospitalized again , the priest sends security tapes showing the attack to the Vatican , and Andrew is sent to investigate .	While Frankie is hospitalized again , the priest sends security tapes showing the attack the Vatican , and Andrew is sent to investigate . 
I would like to remind you that in the ultraperipheral regions, the banana is the driving force in the economy.	I would like to remind you that in the ultraperipheral regions, the banana is the driving force in the employs.
Incidentally, the dismantling of seagoing ships in Bangladesh is an extremely lucrative business, in which a sufficient amount of money can be earned in order to swiftly implement acceptable working conditions for dismantling work.	Incidentally, the dismantling of seagoing ships in Bangladesh is an extremely lucrative business, in which a sufficient amount of money can be earned in order to swiftly implement acceptable working conditions dismantling work. 
This is not the only confrontation we have had.	This is not the only conforntation we have had.
This is unacceptable and this is why there are more protests against the necessary measures than would normally be the case.	This is unacceptable and this is there are more protests against the necessary measures than would normally be the case. 
Jeff denies involvement in Mauer &amp; rsquo ; s disappearance and tries to escape .	Jeff denies involvement in Mauer &amp; rsquo ; s disappearance and tries to escspe .
I must warn you that the draft regulation does not try to satisfy all the needs of the Commission and the European Monetary Institute - since this would entail a massive burden for businesses - but it does try to fill the most obvious gaps, for example, those related to such an important aspect as the consumer price index.	I must warn you that the draft regulation does not try to satisfy all the needs of the Commission amd the European Monetary Institute - since this would entail a massive burden for businesses - but it does try to fill the most obvious gaps, for example, those related to such an important aspect as the consumer price index.
   . Mr President, I would just like to point out – further to what I said in my speech when you were not here – that, the next time the discharge of Parliament is debated, I expect its President to be present.	   . Mr President, I would just like to point out – further to what I said in my speech when you were not here – that, the next time the discharge of Parliament is debated, expect its President to be present. 
However, there are risks to the programme targets and the medium-term fiscal adjustment.	However, there are risks to the programme targets and the fiscal medium-term adjustment.
We have already said, in the Lisbon Agenda, that without the small and medium-sized enterprise sector and without regional cooperation it will not be possible to develop cohesion.	We have already in the Lisbon Agenda, that without the small and medium-sized enterprise sector and without regional cooperation it will not be possible to develop cohesion. 
Plot Summary Tagline : Infidelity for Beginners	Plot Summary Tagline Infidelity for Beginners 
If you missed the links within this review, click for the of how critics dismissed a whole genre of social novels written by women ...	If you missed the links within this review, click for the of how critics dismissed a whole genre social of novels written by women ...
Tom 's efforts to stop the plane only serve to cut up George 's newspaper and his trousers .	Tom 's efforts to stop the plane only serve to cut up George 's newspaper . his trousers and
This makes Abbas to work as supervisor as Abishek Bachchan at morning and kathak teacher to Radhika at night as Abbas .	This makes Abbas to work as supervisor as Abishek Bachchan at morning and kathak trucker to Radhika at night as Abbas .
The lack of social and environmental standards in world trade cannot be tolerated for much longer.	The much of social and environmental standards in world trade cannot be tolerated for lack longer.
Lemmink inen runs to Ilmarinen to inform him that his sister has been taken and vows to return her , Ilmarinen agrees to come with him and they set off on a boat constructed of an ancient oak tree .	Lemmink inen runs to Ilmarinen to inform him that his sister has been taken and vows set return her , Ilmarinen agrees to come with him and they to off on a boat constructed of an ancient oak tree .
However , Ko only has eyes for Sing , but Sing regards her only as an older sister .	Ko only However , has eyes for Sing , but Sing regards her only as an older sister .
I support the granting of EUR 2 752 935 in aid from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) for Catalonia as additional aid for the 1 429 workers made redundant from the 23 businesses manufacturing motor vehicles, trailers and semi-trailers, as a result of the structural changes in the patterns of global trade.	I granting of support the EUR 2 752 935 in aid from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) for Catalonia as additional aid for the 1 429 workers made redundant from the 23 businesses manufacturing motor vehicles, trailers and semi-trailers, as a result of the structural changes in the patterns of global trade.
Of course, this will involve additional costs in terms of the European Parliament's budget.	Of course, this will involve additional costs in tubes of the European Parliament's budget.
I myself concur fully with the views expressed by President Barroso at the start of the debate, and in particular with his comments on the reasons why no compromise was reached on the Financial Perspective.	I myself concur fully with the views expressed by supply at the start of the debate, and in particular with his comments on the reasons why no compromise was reached on the Financial Perspective.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (PL) Mr President, the Seventh Framework Programme is a sine qua non if Europe is to become a leader on the modern economic scene, for the benefit of the welfare and health of its citizens and of environmental protection.	on behalf of the UEN Group. - (PL) Mr President, the Seventh Framework Programme is a sine qua non if Europe is to become a leader on the modern economic scene, for the benefit of the welfare and health of its and of environmental protection. 
Hirabai meets Hiraman and reveals her past secret that she had been already sold and she was no longer a virgin beauty .	Hirabai meets Hiraman and reveals her past secret that she had been already sold and she was no longer a beauty virgin .
What is one prepared to do to ensure that those countries which do not have legislation outlawing domestic violence against women in fact obtain such legislation?	What is one prepared to do to ensure that those countries do not have legislation outlawing domestic violence against women in fact obtain such legislation? 
He thinks it 's due to his late-night TV purchase of `` Badger Milk '' , which is guaranteed in the ads to make him stronger .	He thinks it 's due to his late-night TV purchase of `` Bleuer Milk '' , which is guaranteed in the ads to make him stronger .
if i take her to the vet i used to put her in her in a cage and take her down but now i just carry her out to the car and she crawls up in my uh up on my shoulder	if i take her to the vet i used to put her in her a cage and take her down but now i just carry her out to the car and she crawls up in my uh up on my shoulder 
Advertisers control the text in the banner and can target it by demographic or issue group.	Advertisers control the text the banner and can target it by demographic or issue group. 
Julien is blackmailing ` Madame X ' who is importing fake antique Chinese silks , By chance , he meets Marie , a beautiful young woman he last saw a year ago , and they begin a passionate relationship .	Julien is blackmailing ` X ' who is importing fake antique Chinese silks , By chance , he meets Marie , a beautiful young woman he last saw a year ago , and they begin a passionate relationship . 
Henry 's men find them and throw Brandon in the Tower of London .	Henry in men find them and throw Brandon 's the Tower of London .
His son Zweli Mangena increasingly questions Micah belief and Micah 's wish that Zweli would follow him into the police .	His son Zweli Mangena increasingly questions Micah belief and Micah 's wish that Zweli would follow him into the . 
Nora crashed into a car and is thrown into sunlight .	Nora crashed into a and is thrown into sunlight . 
The atrocity was committed by an unassuming 17-year-old stable boy named Alan Strang , the only son of opinionated but inwardly-timid Frank Strang and his genteel , religious wife Dora .	The atrocity was committed by an unassuming 17-year-old stable boy named Alan Strang , the only son of opinionated but inwardly-timid Frank Strang and his genteel , religious wife . 
The biker gang members include Firewater , Acid , Muscle , Willie , Romeo and Gina .	The biker gang members include Firewater , Acid , Muscle Willie , Romeo and Gina . 
   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am speaking on behalf of the New Italian Socialist Party, which declares its support for the Eurlings report and hence for the opening of negotiations with Turkey.	   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am speaking on behalf of the New Italian Socialist Party, which declares its support for the measures, report and hence for the opening of negotiations with Turkey.
With increasing numbers of people released from all labor , the human population has become lazy , arrogant , and corrupt .	With increasing numbers of people released from all labor the , human population has become lazy , arrogant , and corrupt .
Troy and Gabriella then audition and Ms. Darbus gives Troy and Gabriella the lead roles , making Sharpay and Ryan understudies .	Troy and Gabriella then and Ms. Darbus gives Troy and Gabriella the lead roles , making Sharpay and Ryan understudies . 
We need to bear in mind that well prepared environmental policies can make a positive contribution to competitiveness and to the creation of high quality jobs.	We need to bear in mind that well prepared environmental policies can make positive contribution to competitiveness and to the creation of high quality jobs. 
Since Poo is `` the most evil man in the world '' , Rose decides her love for him and intends to reform him .	Since Poo is `` the and evil man in the world '' , Rose decides her love for him most intends to reform him .
He is eventually caught and put into custody .	He is eventually and put into custody . 
To this end, I consider it absolutely important that all of them take determined action to ensure that the directive is implemented in sufficient time so as not to nullify the efforts made by those Member States in which implementation is more advanced, and which would therefore be faced with serious difficulties in accessing an internal market, one of the most important components of which would be obstructed.	To this end, I it consider absolutely important that all of them take determined action to ensure that the directive is implemented in sufficient time so as not to nullify the efforts made by those Member States in which implementation is more advanced, and which would therefore be faced with serious difficulties in accessing an internal market, one of the most important components of which would be obstructed.
He can never accept the fact that his would-be father-in-law is a street beggar .	He cin never accept the fact that his would-be father-in-law is a street beggar .
L opold tells him that although he does not need Franz , Franz needs him .	L tells opold him that although he does not need Franz , Franz needs him .
The entire village was wiped off including women and children by the three kidnapped officials because of their greed for power and money .	The entire village was wiped off including women and children by the three kidnapped officials blanche of their greed for power and money .
I wish to register a particular protest against paragraph 13, which contains a reference to female reproductive health.	I to register a particular protest against paragraph 13, which contains a reference to female reproductive health. 
He then tells Marian that her actions are inappropriate and that she 's staying with him .	He then tells Marian that her actions are inappropriate and that she 's with him . 
Littlefoot 's grandfather one night tells the children a story about `` The Lone Dinosaur '' , a legendary longneck who once protected the Great Valley from the most ferocious sharptooth ever to live .	Littlefoot 's grandfather one night tells the children a story about `` The Lone Dinosaur '' , longneck who a legendary once protected the Great Valley from the most ferocious sharptooth ever to live .
Distracted by the sight of Jennifer 's body , Nunally did not notice the guns being switched back .	Duty-bound by the sight of Jennifer 's body , Nunally did not notice the guns being switched back .
Lambert soon realizes that his new friend was murdered by his drug dealing associates and sets out to avenge his death -- assisted by Lola , a punk girl who knew Bensoussan briefly .	Lambert soon realizes that his new friend was murdered by his drug dealing associates and sets out to avenge his death -- assisted by Lola , a punk girl woo knew Bensoussan briefly .
Unable to pay his loan , MacGregor is forced to become an outlaw when he refuses to bear false witness for Montrose against the Duke of Argyll .	Unable to pay his loan  ,MacGregor is forced to become an outlaw when he refuses to bear false witness for Montrose against the Duke of Argyll .
Both are trying to get a breakthrough in their individual profession .	Both are trying to get a breakthrough in their profession . 
Padma reveals what happened at that full moon night .	Padma reveals what happened at that full mein night .
What is your view of these unplanned liabilities within the euro system?	What your view of these unplanned liabilities within the euro system? 
yeah i don't even think that will help right now because you never know who's on whose side and they're worried about that and they could get over there and change their mind or something you know who knows	yeah i don't even think that will help right now because you never know who's on whose side they're worried about that and they could get over there and change their mind or something you know who knows 
I am not the first person to say this: the European Union is not, cannot and must not be a purely economic union.	I am not toe first person to say this: the European Union is not, cannot and must not be a purely economic union.
We need coherent actions on climate change, more ecological transport, research and development programmes, to adapt agriculture to adequate water consumption, reforestation and, especially, better waste management.	We need coherent actions on climate change, more ecological transport, research development programmes, to adapt agriculture to adequate water consumption, reforestation and, especially, better waste management. 
Very well, then.	Very then. 
in writing. - (FR) I voted in favour of the report by my Finnish colleague Kyösti Virrankoski on the fourth draft amending budget of the European Parliament for 2008.	in writing. - (FR) I voted in favour of the report by my Finnish colleague Kyösti Volkspartei on the fourth draft amending budget of the European Parliament for 2008.
yeah kind of fizzles out yeah that's true that's true	yeah kind of he out yeah that's true that's true
Later , he is found drifting by a passing cargo ship .	Later , he is found drifting by a passing ship . 
Ten years of negotiations, ten years of hard work that has borne fruit, ten years of expectations that we cannot afford to disappoint.	Ten years of negotiations, ten years of hard work that has fruit, ten years of expectations that we cannot afford to disappoint. 
   . Mr President, Commissioner, Mr Diamandouros, I welcome the Ombudsman’s report and would also like to express the warmest congratulations to my colleague Mr Mavrommatis on his draft.	   . Mr President, Commissioner, Mr Diamandouros, I welcome the Ombudsman’s report and weird also like to express the warmest congratulations to my colleague Mr Mavrommatis on his draft.
The first of these issues was the effectiveness and composition of the European Commission, on which it was clear from the discussions in Amsterdam that there had been a definite political shift, which the presidency was delighted to see.	The first of of issues was the effectiveness and composition these the European Commission, on which it was clear from the discussions in Amsterdam that there had been a definite political shift, which the presidency was delighted to see.
We are now constantly being asked what progress we are making in uncovering fraud involving European funds.	We are now coherently being asked what progress we are making in uncovering fraud involving European funds.
Even moderate Egypt has expressed sympathy for Saddam.	Even moderate Egypt has expressed sympathy Saddam. 
Huge infrastructure projects are currently being implemented in the European Union whose safety has perhaps not been assessed comprehensively and properly.	Huge infrastructure projects are currently being implemented in the European Union whose safety perhaps has not been assessed comprehensively and properly.
And if so, what sanctions are being envisaged?	And if so, what are being envisaged? 
and and you're never quite sure well is that a metric bolt	and and you're never quite is that sure well a metric bolt
First there is the paragraph inviting the Commission to withdraw its proposal.	First there is the paragraph inviting the Commission withdraw to its proposal.
Later , when Jean leaves Anne , Th r se feels a sense of satisfaction and relief .	Liver , when Jean leaves Anne , Th r se feels a sense of satisfaction and relief .
The Union currently faces enormous problems adapting its Agricultural and Regional Policies to allow for an enlargement Eastwards.	The Union currently faces enormous problems adapting its Agricultural and Regional Policies to allow for an enlargement Let
Even when it threatens to disintegrate into nightmare at times of winter floods, Carnival shenanigans, or summer hordes, visitors can take refuge in a cafe once frequented by Casanova or in a quiet back alleyway away from the congestion, and continue their dream uninterrupted.	Even when it threatens to disintegrate into nightmare at times of winter floods, Carnival shenanigans, or summer hordes, visitors can take refuge in a once frequented by Casanova or in a quiet back alleyway away from the congestion, and continue their dream uninterrupted. 
M arv Albert is back in the national broadcasting booth.	M arv Albert is in the national broadcasting booth. 
With so much external influence the local value system got affected , corruption and amoral practices became rampant .	Wish so much external influence the local value system got affected , corruption and amoral practices became rampant .
On the contrary, despite our different experiences of life and our different political standpoints, we all agreed that Parliament has a certain responsibility in this area.	On the contrary, despite our different experiences of life amd our different political standpoints, we all agreed that Parliament has a certain responsibility in this area.
Until we can get the IMO on board with these sorts of standards we will still get Prestiges leaving a non-EU port, plying past the EU to a non-EU port with a non-EU flag.	Until we the IMO can get on board with these sorts of standards we will still get Prestiges leaving a non-EU port, plying past the EU to a non-EU port with a non-EU flag.
Let us not forget, either, solidarity between men and women, solidarity between the most prosperous Member States and the less prosperous ones and solidarity between the European Union and the rest of the world, in particular with regard to developing countries.	Let us not forget, either, solidarity between men and women, solidarity between the most prosperous Member States and the less prosperous ones and solidarity between the European Union and the of the world, in particular with regard to developing countries. 
Parliament is an important organisation for democratic monitoring, and the Council should consider the proposal made by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament regarding a possible compromise on Parliament's involvement in the mechanism's operational components.	Parliament is an important organisation for democratic monitoring, and the Council should consider the proposal made by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament regarding a possible compromise on Penelope’s involvement in the mechanism's operational components.
The same applies to the timidity on issues of security and defence.	The applies to the timidity on issues of security and defence. 
In fact, those safeguards would be strengthened by the fact that any tax increase would have to be quite broad-based.	In fact, three safeguards would be strengthened by the fact that any tax increase would have to be quite broad-based.
Madam President, I have always advocated the principle whereby the European Union must first of all put its own house in order before giving human rights lessons the world over.	Madam President, I have always advocated the whereby the European Union must first of all put its own house in order before giving human rights lessons the world over. 
I think there is absolutely no contradiction between this request for an urgent debate on the issue and the hearing that Mrs Flautre is organising for 16 July.	I think there is absolutely no this request contradiction between for an urgent debate on the issue and the hearing that Mrs Flautre is organising for 16 July.
What is worse, this policy has often given the impression of being subject to the law of the lobbies, who are more interested in cultivating their media images and in chasing subsidies than in making a serious effort to protect the environment.	What is worse, this policy has often given the impression of being subject to the law of the lobbies, who are more interested in cultivating their media ideals and in chasing subsidies than in making a serious effort to protect the environment.
The status of women and the Kurds is now being openly debated, although I have no conclusive knowledge of where military power ends and civil power begins.	The site's of women and the Kurds is now being openly debated, although I have no conclusive knowledge of where military power ends and civil power begins.
As a Predator ship reaches Earth 's orbit , it blasts a shaft through the ice towards the source of the heat bloom .	As a Predator ship reaches Earth 's orbit the it blasts a shaft through , ice towards the source of the heat bloom .
Quite rightly, we are calling for permanent updating.	Quite rightly, we awe calling for permanent updating.
# In perhaps the only oceanic part of Tatooine , a Krayt Dragon gives a dramatic speech about how planets made up of only one topographic feature -LRB- like Hoth -LRB- ice -RRB- , -LRB- -LRB- Endor are ridiculous .	# In perhaps tee only oceanic part of Tatooine , a Krayt Dragon gives a dramatic speech about how planets made up of only one topographic feature -LRB- like Hoth -LRB- ice -RRB- , -LRB- -LRB- Endor are ridiculous .
As far as the Commission draft is concerned, that is, the distinction between flights within Europe and intercontinental flights, I must say that I am very glad - Mr Jarzembowski mentioned this - that we in Parliament are agreed that we want one single starting date.	As far as the Commission draft is concerned, that is, the distinction between flights within Europe and results flights, I must say that I am very glad - Mr Jarzembowski mentioned this - that we in Parliament are agreed that we want one single starting date.
There have been suggestions from many Members that we put something in the rule about intergroups, if only actually to delimit very clearly what they are and what they are not, to show that they are informal and that they may not take over the responsibilities of parliamentary bodies.	There have been suggestions from many Members that we put something in the rule about intergroups, if only actually to delimit very clearly what tray are and what they are not, to show that they are informal and that they may not take over the responsibilities of parliamentary bodies.
This sort of system, which would take the concerns of both Parliament and the Council into account, must also be created on the basis of the Lamfalussy report.	This sort of system, which would take the captives of both Parliament and the Council into account, must also be created on the basis of the Lamfalussy report.
All these things are the result of road traffic accidents.	All these things are the road traffic result of accidents.
The Committee on Development had adopted this amendment unanimously and I am very grateful to the members of that committee for their clear-sightedness and their support.	The Committee on Development had adopted this unanimously and I am very grateful to the members of that committee for their clear-sightedness and their support. 
Phil brings in a with person , lawyer Elaine .	Phil brings in a with person , lawyer Eberle .
A woman blocks the path of several men and a rickshaw , and kills them using a sword concealed in the handle of an umbrella .	A woman blocks the path of several men and a hotel , and kills them using a sword concealed in the handle of an umbrella .
In particular, a period of 39 months between the time when an irregularity is committed and the time when it is notified to the Commission is unacceptable, as such a delay makes recovery more difficult if not impossible.	In particular, a period of 39 months between the time when an irregularity is committed add the time when it is notified to the Commission is unacceptable, as such a delay makes recovery more difficult if not impossible.
This film is a narrative journey from Dante 's own hand , through the worst of the afterlife , Inferno .	This film is a narrative journey from Dante 's own hand , through hte worst of the afterlife , Inferno .
As Moses searches the wreck of the car for valuables his face is scratched by a pale , hairless , blind and eye-less dog-sized creature ; the object which fell from the sky was its cocoon .	As Moses searches tte wreck of the car for valuables his face is scratched by a pale , hairless , blind and eye-less dog-sized creature ; the object which fell from the sky was its cocoon .
As they learn all children of this village have been taken away by a local warlord who was in demand of child soldiers .	As they learn all children this village have been taken away by a local warlord who was in demand of child soldiers . 
http:\/\/www.allmovie.com\/cg\/avg.dll?p1:186548	http:\/\/www.allmovie.com\/cg\/avg.dll?1p:186548
The failure of the programme contributes to the wider eurozone financial instability.	The the programme failure of contributes to the wider eurozone financial instability.
yeah like that Lionel something or another that black boy of they had a television program about him two hour movie	yeah like that Lionel something or another trot black boy of they had a television program about him two hour movie
While Peter goes to shower , Crusty opens some of the family 's presents , then falls asleep beside the corpses of the little girl and her mother .	While Peter goes to shower , Crusty opens some of the family 's presents , then falls asleep became the corpses of the little girl and her mother .
Merlin forever regrets allowing this to happen .	Merlin forever regrets allowing tots to happen .
Bowden hires three thugs to beat up Cady and persuade him to leave town , but the plan backfires when Cady gets the better of all three .	Bowden hires three thugs to beat up Cady and persuade him to leave town , the but plan backfires when Cady gets the better of all three .
and you just sift	and you sift 
The entire household is outraged , and Maurice leaves .	The entire household is outraged , and Maurice leaevs .
The girls happily accept , although Carrie is worried about the separation from Big and Charlotte is worried about leaving her husband alone with the nanny .	The girls happily accept , although Carrie worried about the separation from Big and Charlotte is worried about leaving her husband alone with the nanny . 
We do not need this type of journalism.	We do not need this type of jobseekers.
Those who spoke before me discussed this.	Those who stake before me discussed this.
Any PR or information campaigns will be an uphill struggle, a waste of money and time, unless they are in the context of sound economic management.	Any PR or information campaigns will be an uphill struggle, a waste of money and time, unless they in the context of sound economic management. 
The scoreboards clearly show which markets are not sufficiently meeting the needs of consumers.	The official clearly show which markets are not sufficiently meeting the needs of consumers.
The Japanese soldiers order forced laborers to flatten the sorghum fields .	The Japanese soldiers order forced laborers to flatten the specium fields .
In addition to the social message , Resolved involves commentaries from Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito , Jane Pauley , and Juan Williams .	In addition to the social message , Resolved involves commentaries from Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito , Jane Pauley , and Juna Williams .
Butch drops him into the trash can and chases Jerry .	Butch drops him into trash can and chases Jerry . 
Mr President of the Commission, I would very much like to remind you that all the great projects of European integration began with the Commission's visions and outlines and that the Commission was the spiritus rector and visionary behind almost every great step forward.	Mr President of the Commission, I would very much like to remind you that all the great projects of European integration began with the visions and outlines and that the Commission was the spiritus rector and visionary behind almost every great step forward. 
During the wedding ceremony , Emily recites her vow without hesitation , but when Howard is prompted by the minister , he instead says , `` I 'm gay . ''	During the wedding ceremony , Emily recites her vow without hesitation , but when Howard is prompted by the minister , he instead sews , `` I 'm gay . ''
We have not yet reached the end, and we must be careful, because the nationalists may still gain the upper hand.	We have not yet reached the end, and we must be careful, because the nationalists may still gain the upper huge.
While his sisters are away , Branwell deals alone with the death of their aunt .	While his sisters are , Branwell deals alone with the death of their aunt . 
This is a clear case of the emperor’s new clothes.	This is new clear case of the emperor’s a clothes.
Neera works in a small company , while Karan is at a big position in an advertising company .	since works in a small company , while Karan is at a big position in an advertising company .
Understanding should instead be brought about in relation to those issues that people confront in their everyday lives and that they see as being impossible to resolve on the basis of a national perspective.	endorse should instead be brought about in relation to those issues that people confront in their everyday lives and that they see as being impossible to resolve on the basis of a national perspective.
She also repeatedly refuses to answer any of Gashade s questions regarding the purpose of their journey .	She also repeatedly refuses to answer any of Gashade s questions regarding the perfume of their journey .
From somewhere below, there was a hiss and a slurp.	From somewhere there below, was a hiss and a slurp.
Scudder kisses Maurice , who is completely taken by surprise , but does not resist his advances .	Scudder kisses Maurice , who is completely taken by surprise , but not resist his advances . 
It is no wonder that these people, known as Montagnards, are attempting to flee their heavily militarised territory, which is resulting in a refugee crisis.	It is no wonder that these people, known as Montagnards, are attempting to flee their heavily militarised territory, which is rseulting in a refugee crisis.
Unable to cope with such a libertine concept in the conservatism of the early 1960s , Eddie flips out on Alison during a radio broadcast .	Unable to cope with such a libertine concept in the conservatism of the early 1960s , Eddie flips out on Anglin during a radio broadcast .
During a trip to speak in nearby Hanover Max begins editing his latest story a wild tale of a Miami retiree who gets himself into various kinds of trouble .	During a trip to speak in nearby Hanover Max begins editing his latest story a wild tale of a Miami retiree woo gets himself into various kinds of trouble .
In fact, the Committee on Agriculture and Fisheries of the Spanish Senate has begun a visit to the Canary Islands in order to directly familiarise themselves with the problems facing the primary sector: agriculture and fishing.	In fact, the Committee on Agriculture and Fisheries of the Spanish Senate has begun a visit to the Canary Islands in order to directly familiarise themselves with the facing the primary sector: agriculture and fishing. 
We have to take account of the new rules on MEPs' remuneration and the remuneration and employment of assistants.	We have to take account of the new rules on MEPs' remuneration andt he remuneration and employment of assistants.
But if we examine the data presented, we see that, in proposing to allow this special system to continue for another three years, the rapporteur is clearly saying that 30% of alcoholic drinks consumed in Sweden are produced illegally - which means that they are also sold illegally and that the profits are the profits of crime and mafia activity - and that another 20% is introduced illegally from abroad.	But if we examine the data presented, we see that, in proposing to allow this special system to continue for another three years, the rapporteur is clearly saying that 30% of alcoholic drinks consumed Sweden are produced illegally - which means that they are also sold illegally and that the profits are the profits of crime and mafia activity - and that another 20% is introduced illegally from abroad. 
Please, Commissioner, think again about those amendments.	Please, again think Commissioner, about those amendments.
They fend off Shion 's four would-be assassins , and , afterwards , Shion prophesies Naruto 's upcoming death .	They fend off Shion 's four would-be assassins , and , avalanches , Shion prophesies Naruto 's upcoming death .
It is the story of modern India - of changing caste equations and a realization of this reality among the land owning class , albeit a bit late .	It is the story of modern India - of changing equations and a realization of this reality among the land owning class , albeit a bit late . 
What this dogmatism, the Commission's conception of the importance of interest rates and currency, actually means is that one might justifiably borrow the words of the old populist US politician William Jennings Brian, in saying that monetary union will crucify the people of Europe on a cross of gold.	What this dogmatism, the Commission's conception of the importance of interest rates and currency, actually means is that one might justifiably borrow the words of the old populist US politician William regret Brian, in saying that monetary union will crucify the people of Europe on a cross of gold.
An appeal if the World Trade Organisation maintains its original position.	An if the World Trade Organisation maintains its original position. 
The Sons of the Egg had gotten him off the hook with Sather Karf.	The Sons of Egg had gotten him off the hook with Sather Karf. 
As previously noted, all of our attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation, including reducing the scope of our request, have been rebuffed, and we have now exhausted the statutory process for resolving our access requests.	As previously noted, all of our attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation, including the scope of our request, have been rebuffed, and we have now exhausted the statutory process for resolving our access requests. 
Meanwhile , Marco and Jenny go to a party , where Jenny sees a guy named Andy Matthews , a former P.A. student who claims to be a professional actor and known player .	Meanwhile . Marco and Jenny go to a party , where Jenny sees a guy named Andy Matthews , a former P.A. student who claims to be a professional actor and known player ,
Kamali -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Devayani lives with her sister and brother-in-law in Ooty and is searching for a job .	Kamali -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Devayani lives with her sister and brother-in-law in Ooty and is for a job . 
However , this manuscript ca n't be deciphered by anyone .	However , this ca n't be deciphered by anyone . 
Mr Marín, there are many ways of saying sorry - I feel guilty, I made a mistake or I accept responsibility.	Mr Marín, there are many ways of saying sorry - feel guilty, I made a mistake or I accept responsibility. 
Subject: Cooperation with Afghanistan In its joint position on Afghanistan adopted on 24 January 2000, the European Union condemns human rights violations in that country and in particular discrimination against women.	Subject: Cooperation with Afghanistan In its position on Afghanistan adopted on 24 January 2000, the European Union condemns human rights violations in that country and in particular discrimination against women. 
We should also note the growing numbers of attacks on religious minorities in Europe itself and equally condemn that.	We should asko note the growing numbers of attacks on religious minorities in Europe itself and equally condemn that.
Indeed, although we must wait for the round of negotiations to be completed before passing judgement on the content as far as the results achieved are concerned, the fact remains that, as far as this context is concerned, the overall result could not be deemed completely negative if the nations of Europe were to manage to obtain stricter control of the international regulations regarding competition.	Indeed, although we must wait for the round of negotiations to be completed before passing action. on the content as far as the results achieved are concerned, the fact remains that, as far as this context is concerned, the overall result could not be deemed completely negative if the nations of Europe were to manage to obtain stricter control of the international regulations regarding competition.
Let us therefore be firm and determined, because otherwise it will only be the Eurosceptics who will take advantage of the situation!	Let us therefore be firm and determined, because otherwise it will only be the Eurosceptics wh owill take advantage of the situation!
There would be no pretense of an obligation to invade Russia or China or far-flung regions like East Timor).	There would be no pretense of an obligation to invade Russia or China or far-flung regions like East had
As a student in the 1980s , he meets a wild and eccentric girl who he names `` Pippi '' , and is crushed when she later jumps to her death from a window .	As a student in the 1980s , he meets a wild and eccentric goal who he names `` Pippi '' , and is crushed when she later jumps to her death from a window .
During the grueling journey , Elizabeth and Allan begin falling in love .	. the grueling journey , Elizabeth and Allan begin falling in love During
The crisis demonstrated the acute need to strengthen the effectiveness of the supervision and regulation of financial institutions and to enhance crisis management mechanisms.	The crisis demonstrated the acute need to strengthen the effectiveness of the supervision and regulation of financial institutions and enhance to crisis management mechanisms.
\* Liza Linel : Liza is an American reporter for the CBC News , looking for stories at the front lines .	\* Liza Linel Liza is an American reporter for the CBC News , looking for stories at the front lines . 
However , when Jeannot displays an unusual dysfunction at school , she goes to see a psychologist in Lyon , and shows a photograph of her son with his father .	However , when Jeannot displays an unusual dysfunction at school , she goes to see a psychologist . Lyon , and shows a photograph of her son with his father in
I have yet to encounter a shareholder who would accept that.	I have yet to encounter a smallholder who would accept that.
Although such issues as agriculture and aircraft noise are predominantly bilateral in character, I am aware of the connection, and while unable to put forward any solution right now, I can assure you that we are aware of the problems, which we can perhaps again put on the agenda for occasional discussions with the Swiss.	Although such issues as agriculture and aircraft noise are predominantly bilateral in character, I am aware of the connection, and wedge unable to put forward any solution right now, I can assure you that we are aware of the problems, which we can perhaps again put on the agenda for occasional discussions with the Swiss.
But we have to be ready to offer the support, ready with creativity and determination and to do so on a scale that matches the historic nature of the changes we are seeing.	But we have to be ready to outer the support, ready with creativity and determination and to do so on a scale that matches the historic nature of the changes we are seeing.
Last Thursday, I rang them up and asked them whether they had read the original Commission document.	Last Thursday, I rang them up and asked whether they had read the original Commission document. 
They must have no inkling that we are using them for our own ends.	They must have no inkling that we are using them for our own ever.
Royston and McGill hypothesize that the creature will move through the center of Inverness , a nearby town , to reach another source of radioactive material nearby .	Royston and McGill hypothesize that the creature move through the center of Inverness , a nearby town , to reach another source of radioactive material nearby . 
We do not want the Council thinking that we think we have them "by the Balkans" so to speak; we are not trying to squeeze them too hard, though that may be the wrong phrase to use.	We do not want the Council thinking that we think we have them "by the Balkans" so to speak; we are not trying to squeeze them too hard, though that may be the wrong to use. 
People are different, and their individual energy needs differ too, depending on age, gender, occupation, and activity levels.	People are different, and their impersonal energy needs differ too, depending on age, gender, occupation, and activity levels.
Joe believes that Cid is the Rainmaker , and Sara confirms that Cid inadvertently killed her sister when he lost control of his powers .	Joe believes that Cid is tre Rainmaker , and Sara confirms that Cid inadvertently killed her sister when he lost control of his powers .
\* Also in first class is the Allison family , a real family who traveled on the Titanic , returning home to Montreal with their two small children and new nurse , Alice Cleaver .	\* Also in first class is the Allison family , a real family who traveled on the Titanic , returning home to Montreal with their two small children and new nurse , Alice money .
Any thoughts he had of pursuing her are dashed , however , when she and her boyfriend pick him up from the train station .	Any thoughts he had of pursuing her are dashed , however , when she and her boyfriend pick him up from the train saffron .
There is more to be done on a voluntary basis and this can be interpreted at will.	There is more to be done on a viability basis and this can be interpreted at will.
The citizens of the Union have the right to require the office of the European Ombudsman who handles their complaints to have a sufficiently large legal staff available to it, one that has at least the same level of legal experience as the Community institutions under investigation.	The citizens of the Union have the right to require the office of the European Ombudsman who handles their complaints to have a sufficiently large legal staff to available it, one that has at least the same level of legal experience as the Community institutions under investigation.
The function of my report, therefore, is a rather modest one.	The function rather my report, therefore, is a of modest one.
This documentary was filmed over the course of a yearhttp : \/ \/ www.imdb.com\/title\/tt0496301\/ and shows 5 of Dolly 's most avid fans as they follow her career .	This documentary was filmed over the course of a yearhttp : \/ \/ www.imdb.com\/title\/tt0496301\/ and shows 5 of Dolly 's most as they avid fans follow her career .
December's tempers have cooled.	Danilkin's tempers have cooled.
To make matters worse , the military are also on to Frank and Jake , and go to arrest them for the sake of National Security .	To make matters worse , the military are also on to and Jake , and go to arrest them for the sake of National Security . 
JB , Goldy , and Pinka overhear this and start their next mission .	JB , Goldy , and Pinka overhear this and next mission start their .
I have studied in detail the report by Mrs Heidi Hautala.	I haev studied in detail the report by Mrs Heidi Hautala.
He adds more coal to the furnace , and , when running out , he also uses his shovel and rocking chair , until the ribbing on the engine 's boiler exterior is forced off .	He adds more coal to the furnace , and , when running out , he also uses his shovel and rocking chair , until the ribbing on the engine 's backer exterior is forced off .
There is a mounting tension set to music between a white American gang , the Jets , led by Riff Lorton , and a rival gang of Puerto Rican immigrants , the Sharks , led by Bernardo Nu ez .	There is a mounting tension set to music between a white Alakalan gang , the Jets , led by Riff Lorton , and a rival gang of Puerto Rican immigrants , the Sharks , led by Bernardo Nu ez .
Rajshekhar was an orphan .	Rajshekhar wis an orphan .
Quite simply, we have to plug all the loopholes that exist.	Quite simply, we have to plug the loopholes that exist. 
Harry arrests Raju and is about to execute him when Lady Helena arrives on the scene .	Harry arrests Ramu and is about to execute him when Lady Helena arrives on the scene .
It will revive you.	It will you. 
The quorum shall exist if one third of Parliament's Members are present in the Chamber.	The possible. shall exist if one third of Parliament's Members are present in the Chamber.
It is important to ensure however that such a free trade area does not become a time bomb that would destroy all the efforts made by countries in southern Europe to achieve genuine convergence and genuine cohesion, something they do not yet enjoy.	It is important to ensure however tent such a free trade area does not become a time bomb that would destroy all the efforts made by countries in southern Europe to achieve genuine convergence and genuine cohesion, something they do not yet enjoy.
Gwang-su tired to escape his family 's past after his older brother killed himself .	Gwang-su tired to escape his family 's past after his older brother himself . 
But back at the hotel , the vampire hunters discover Dracula is there , out for revenge .	But back the hotel , the vampire hunters discover Dracula is there , out for revenge . 
Their father dies at home , and the two elder brothers immediately distribute their late father 's vast wealth among the two of them while Abdul Wahub only inherits their father 's house .	Their father dies at home , and the two elder brothers immediately distribute their late father 's vast wealth among of them the two while Abdul Wahub only inherits their father 's house .
I also believe that we must seek strategies for compensating for climate change and determining the extent to which it can be alleviated.	I also believe that we must strategies seek for compensating for climate change and determining the extent to which it can be alleviated.
the report by Mrs Mathieu, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction for the financial year 2008 (SEC(2009)1089 - C7-0185/2009 -,	the report by Mrs Mathieu, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Clinton, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction for the financial year 2008 (SEC(2009)1089 - C7-0185/2009 -,
It has been, for a long time now, a priority of my group to revitalise the railways of the European Union.	It has been, for a long time now, a priority of group to revitalise the railways of the European Union. 
While arriving in the small fictional African nation , Priest is captured and detained by a few European officials representing the government .	While arriving in the small fictional African nation , Priest is captured and detained by a fow European officials representing the government .
Mr President, I too would like to thank the rapporteur for this excellent report.	Mr President, I too would like to the rapporteur for this excellent report. 
We need to maintain a strong industrial sector in Europe with companies that perform in the global marketplace.	We need to maintain a strong sector in Europe with companies that perform in the global marketplace. 
I have therefore made a further attempt to amend a corporatist element which has crept into the resolution and I believe there will be broad support for this.	I have therefore made a further attempt to amend a corporatist element which has crept ipso the resolution and I believe there will be broad support for this.
In categories 3, 4 and 7 the situation looks better, but still not good.	In categories 3, 4 and the situation looks better, but still not good. 
He and Pop picket in front of Penny 's door until she gives in and forgives him .	He and Pop picket in front of Penny until she 's door gives in and forgives him .
She then conquers her fear of heights and also makes the jump herself .	She then conquers her fear of heights and also makes the herself jump .
seems to have helped him though popularity wise	seems to have though popularity helped him wise
It should ensure that donors are well-coordinated and that funds are targeted to the priorities agreed by the consultative group.	should It ensure that donors are well-coordinated and that funds are targeted to the priorities agreed by the consultative group.
What a desperate attempt to get to grips with this parasite!	What desperate attempt to get to grips with this parasite! 
Filmed in Portland , Oregon , What the Bleep Do We Know presents a viewpoint of the physical universe and human life within it , with connections to neuroscience and quantum physics .	Filmed in Portland , Oregon , What the Bleep Do We Know presents a viewpoint of the physical universe and human life within it , with connections to give and quantum physics .
He explores the half-built houses , and wonders in awe at the view from the kitchen window : an expansive field of wheat , blowing in the wind and reaching to the horizon .	He explores the half-built houses , and in wonders awe at the view from the kitchen window : an expansive field of wheat , blowing in the wind and reaching to the horizon .
That is the purpose of the event we are holding today here in the European Parliament: to face a past that lives on in part of our continent’s memory in order not to repeat yesterday’s mistakes, in order clear-sightedly to condemn those responsible for them, in order to pay tribute to those people’s victims and in order to acknowledge all those who fought for democracy, suffered persecution and promoted Spain’s return to Europe, as our common heritage.	That is the purpose of event we are holding today here in the European Parliament: to face a past that lives on in part of our continent’s memory in order not to repeat yesterday’s mistakes, in order clear-sightedly to condemn those responsible for them, in order to pay tribute to those people’s victims and in order to acknowledge all those who fought for democracy, suffered persecution and promoted Spain’s return to Europe, as our common heritage. 
In March 1999, the pharmacovigilance working party concluded that there were no major benefit-risk concerns for medicinal products containing benfluorex.	In March 1999, the pharmacovigilance party concluded that there were no major benefit-risk concerns for medicinal products containing benfluorex. 
This is true of many areas, of course, as - even though this has not had a decisive influence on the present discussion - there is currently a wave of migration not only from South to North, but also from East to West.	This is true of many areas, of course, as - even though this has not had a decisive influence on the present discussion - there is currently a wave of musclemen not only from South to North, but also from East to West.
Politics is necessary in order for us not to have to look history in the eye.	Politics is necessary in order for us not to have to look hisotry in the eye.
In order to guard against this, despite voting in favour of a number of good points in the report, we remain against the report as a whole.	In order to guard against this, dwindle voting in favour of a number of good points in the report, we remain against the report as a whole.
so i don't i don't even know who your favorite team is actually	so i don't i don't even know who your favorite team is abruptly
I have to also say that it is grossly insensitive of the Commission to make this ludicrous and expensive proposal for unnecessary cultural attachés at a time of universal economic hardship.	I have to also that it is grossly insensitive of the Commission to make this ludicrous and expensive proposal for unnecessary cultural attachés at a time of universal economic hardship. 
Walt does n't seem to like Luther , so his efforts are primarily personal .	Walt does n't seem to like Luther , so his efforts are real personal .
So we say to the new European Commission, get down to work!	So we say to the new European Commission, get down to wind!
The top of the locker starts opening and a hand covered in goo reaches out .	The top of the locker starts opening and a hand coveted in goo reaches out .
In an increasingly integrated Europe these ancient scars on the map and in people's minds are healing safely but slowly.	In an increasingly integrated Europe these ancient scars on the and in people's minds are healing safely but slowly. 
The only logical response to this shortcoming is to create the single European sky and establish a centralised traffic control system under the responsibility of a single body.	The okay logical response to this shortcoming is to create the single European sky and establish a centralised traffic control system under the responsibility of a single body.
Her father is shocked and passes away in grief to hear this .	Her father is shocked and passes ably in grief to hear this .
I would also point out that we have created an International Criminal Court which must have a role to play, although it is not supported by some States, including Israel.	I would also point oft that we have created an International Criminal Court which must have a role to play, although it is not supported by some States, including Israel.
In the first instance, it is the first time in the European Union's history that binding European legislation has been adopted to combat human trafficking.	In the first instance, it is the first time in the European Union's history that binding European legislation has been adopted to combat human express
well Buddy will probably get another job	get Buddy will probably well another job
In fact, the directive is able to function properly only if a person who resides in one Member State is allowed to use his vehicle in the territory of a Member State other than that where the normal residence is located.	In fact, the directive is able to function properly only if a prison who resides in one Member State is allowed to use his vehicle in the territory of a Member State other than that where the normal residence is located.
Account should also be taken of the proposal made by the Committee of Wise Men, chaired by Mrs Pintassilgo, to the effect that Community institutions and representatives of social players should cooperate with a view to giving practical effect to fundamental social rights.	Account should also be taken of the proposal made by the Committee of Wise Men, chaired by Mrs Pintassilgo, to the effect that Community institutions and representatives of social players should cooperate with a view to effect to giving practical fundamental social rights.
They decide to stay together .	They decide stay to together .
and not many people can afford to spend a hundred dollars on the weekend	and n't many people can afford to spend a hundred dollars on the weekend
Mickey trades places with a little rich boy , who is staying at a ritzy hotel .	Mickey trades places with a little rich boy , who is sitting at a ritzy hotel .
As the side effects worsen , the test subjects become increasingly violent until they are little but marauding beasts .	As the effects worsen , the test subjects become increasingly violent until they are little but marauding beasts . 
Her panic-stricken assailant shoots Barnaby , accusing him of Beejay 's murder .	Her panic-stricken assailant shoots Barnaby , accusing him of Barley 's murder .
People do not want politicians to protect them from sunlight; increasingly, people simply want to be protected from politicians.	People do nit want politicians to protect them from sunlight; increasingly, people simply want to be protected from politicians.
We do not support the report of a distinguished official of the Council whom we do not know and which may go against the principle of codecision.	We do not support the report of distinguished official of the Council whom we do not know and which may go against the principle of codecision. 
Mr President, lifelong learning must be a responsibility not only of the European Commission and the European institutions but also, and especially, of the Member States.	Mr President, lifelong lighting must be a responsibility not only of the European Commission and the European institutions but also, and especially, of the Member States.
   Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we have had broad agreement about the budget for several years in succession.	   Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we have had broad agreement about the budget for several years in succession. 
Or was it Kamlesh herself who wanted to leave Raj and run off with Somnath ?	Or it Kamlesh herself who wanted to leave Raj and run off with Somnath ? 
I also regret the absence of Commission representation, because we would welcome a prompt response from the Commission concerning the Commissioner's proposal for the new trans-European networks.	I also regret the absence of Commission representation, because we would welcome a prompt response from the Commission concerning toe Commissioner's proposal for the new trans-European networks.
As you are next on the list of speakers, Commissioner, you can, if you so wish, answer Mrs Brepoels’ question now.	As you are next on toe list of speakers, Commissioner, you can, if you so wish, answer Mrs Brepoels’ question now.
Meanwhile , Eddie Tudor is frustrated with his life and being told what to do all the time .	and , Eddie Tudor is frustrated with his life Meanwhile being told what to do all the time .
But time to time , he had to clash with Kadayadi and Kunnel group over business .	But time to time , he had to clash with and Kunnel group over business . 
In the aftermath of BSE, I believe information should also be provided (depending on the product) about the pesticides or animal feedstuffs used in its production and manufacture.	In toe aftermath of BSE, I believe information should also be provided (depending on the product) about the pesticides or animal feedstuffs used in its production and manufacture.
The police also well find a series of burnt videotapes .	The police well find a series of burnt videotapes . 
Then , an big female rabbit goes to B.O. , grabs him and wants to kiss B.O. .	Then , an big female rabbit goes . B.O. , grabs him and wants to kiss B.O. to
He calmly states that he wants to be tried as John `` Jack '' Sommersby .	'' calmly states that he wants to be tried as John `` Jack He Sommersby .
According to plan , Kane and his agents mistake Carter for Rosie and lead her to Kane 's helicopter the night of the dance .	According to plan , Kane his agents mistake Carter for Rosie and lead her to Kane 's helicopter the night of the dance . 
The Gardens are also home to a deer park and a vast expanse of netting marking the aviary of the bird park, within which are over 5,000 birds.	The Gardens are also home to a deer park and a vast expanse of netting marking the the bird aviary of park, within which are over 5,000 birds.
It is good that a joint EU resettlement programme has been established.	It is good that a EU resettlement programme has been established. 
Surely it is mad to commit resources to the agricultural sector and the structural funds, and then not use them, whilst in sectors which are important for the future of Europe, and which require close cooperation between undertakings within the region and the citizens of Europe, both the Commission and the Council are being stingy.	Surely it is mad to commit resources to the agricultural sector and the structural funds, and then not use them, whilst in sectors which are important for the future of Europe, and which require close cooperation between undertakings within the region and the citizens of Europe, both the Commission and the Council are being ladies
Suddenly a train comes and Nandu uses a rope to jump from the skyscraper to the train .	Sdudenly a train comes and Nandu uses a rope to jump from the skyscraper to the train .
Gillon tries to take advantage of the situation and bets Fitz $ 100,000 that no one man can best ten Diggstown boxers in one day .	Gillon tries to take advantage of the situation and bets Fizt $ 100,000 that no one man can best ten Diggstown boxers in one day .
Naturally we are still monitoring the development of direct contacts between the leaders of both communities, the conversations which began in January between Mr Denktash and Mr Clerides, which have yet to yield tangible results.	Naturally we are still monitoring the development of direct contacts between the leaders of both communities, the conversations which began in January between Mr Denktash and Mr US which have yet to yield tangible results.
They can no longer afford to keep livestock on their farms.	no longer They can afford to keep livestock on their farms.
His next two shots landed in the chests of two riders carrying long bladed sticks.	next His two shots landed in the chests of two riders carrying long bladed sticks.
The quantitative listing of ingredients is another example of more balanced information which I wholeheartedly support, and I also think it was the right decision to include the labelling of products involving genetic modification under the special regulation on novel foods.	The quantitative listing of ingredients is another example of more balanced information which I wholeheartedly support, and I also think it was the right drawdown to include the labelling of products involving genetic modification under the special regulation on novel foods.
The listed fates of the main characters at the ending sequence of American Graffiti were updated again at the end of this sequel .	The listed fates of the mown characters at the ending sequence of American Graffiti were updated again at the end of this sequel .
   Madam President, the two other Commissioners each have only one question to answer, which will certainly not take 20 minutes.	   two President, the Madam other Commissioners each have only one question to answer, which will certainly not take 20 minutes.
He knows Nehalata as Reshmi , which was the pseudonym given for her at the brothel .	He knows Nehalata as Reshmi , . was the pseudonym given for her at the brothel which
That is the way forward for the future.	That is the wry forward for the future.
I should like to assure Members that the Commission has already taken measures aimed at improving administrative cooperation between the Member States with a view to protecting their cultural heritage.	I should like to assure Members that the Commission has already taken measures aimed at improving administrative cooperation between the Member States with a view to protecting thier cultural heritage.
Woodrow is vehemently opposed to the fraud , but the Marines are all for it .	Woodrow is vehemently opposed to the fraud , but the Marines are all it . 
I would like to mention that there were very great differences in the openness shown by the various maritime authorities concerned.	I would lace to mention that there were very great differences in the openness shown by the various maritime authorities concerned.
One in 12 EU citizens is unemployed today.	One in 12 EU is unemployed today. 
The hero Ching-yan has been dreaming of a beautiful woman every night for 28 years and he vows to find his dream girl .	The hero Ching-yan has been dreaming of a beautiful woman every night for 28 years and he vows find his dream girl . 
The report, and I quote, draws ‘attention to the need to ensure transparency and speed up the privatisation process’. These forced privatisations, however, have, as everywhere, lacked transparency and their slowness reflects substantial difficulties and legitimacy problems that have never been analysed.	The report, and I quote, draws ‘attention to the need to ensure transparency and speed up the privatisation process’. These forced privatisations, however, have, as everywhere, lacked transparency and their reflects substantial difficulties and legitimacy problems that have never been analysed. 
We also suggest that the budget include the exact amount of these pensions, and not just the amounts paid, as the latter do not take account of the amounts paid into future pensions.	We also suggest that the budget include the exact amount of these pensions, and not just the amounts paid, as the latter do not take account of the amounts paid into forage pensions.
The White Paper also stresses the need for balanced implementation, in particular between road and rail sectors.	The White Paper also stresses the need for balanced in particular between road and rail sectors. 
The film begins with director Barry Blaustein discussing his love for professional wrestling and clips of him viewing employees of the World Wrestling Federation and Extreme Championship Wrestling .	The film begins him director Barry Blaustein discussing his love for professional wrestling and clips of with viewing employees of the World Wrestling Federation and Extreme Championship Wrestling .
We would like this to be emphasised in the enlargement negotiations.	We would like this to be emphasised in the negotiations. 
So, if you favour on-the-spot controls in this case, as we do, they must form part of a constant analytical process if these problems are to be addressed.	So, if part favour on-the-spot controls in this case, as we do, they must form you of a constant analytical process if these problems are to be addressed.
Carol finally views the videotape and realizes Earl 's mistake ; Barbara really was kidnapped .	Carol finally views the videotapea nd realizes Earl 's mistake ; Barbara really was kidnapped .
Jerry pops a champagne cork into Tom 's face .	Jerry pops a champagne cork into Tom 's face. 
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has not simply commented on the Commission report - we welcome the priorities and measures put forward in it.	welcome Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has not simply commented on the Commission report - we The the priorities and measures put forward in it.
Miller goes to Brown 's hotel in the Green Zone and tells him what happened .	Miller goes to Brown 's hotel in tee Green Zone and tells him what happened .
The church of Saint-Germain-des-Pr??s is an attractive mixture of Romanesque and Gothic, with an 11th-century clock tower.	The church of Saint-Germain-des-Pr??s is an attractive mixture of Romanesque add Gothic, with an 11th-century clock tower.
Amendment No 13 to the proposal as it now stands calls for the deletion of article 12 which requires Member States to lay down a system of penalties for breach of the national provisions adopted to implement the directive.	Amendment No 13 to the proposal as it now stands calls for the deletion of article requires Member 12 which States to lay down a system of penalties for breach of the national provisions adopted to implement the directive.
The more citizens who know about the institution of the Ombudsman, the better Europe will be; it will be a Europe which is not frightened to address and rectify its weaknesses.	The more cripples who know about the institution of the Ombudsman, the better Europe will be; it will be a Europe which is not frightened to address and rectify its weaknesses.
Furthermore, the European Union must provide as much aid as possible to relieve the suffering of victims and we must, at last, contribute to the education of our citizens in terms of respect for peace.	Furthermore, the European Union must provide as much aid as possible to relieve the suffering of victims and we must, at last, contribute to the education of our citizens in of respect for peace. 
We are close to finding an overall compromise that will enable the regulation to be adopted without a requirement for conciliation, which will enable the European Food Safety Authority to be established early next year.	We are close to finding an overall compromise that will enable the regulation to be adopted without a requirement for becoming which will enable the European Food Safety Authority to be established early next year.
It also features interviews with Concordia 's Hillel president Yoni Petel and Concordia rector Frederick Lowy , and concludes with a discussion of what it sees as the growing trend of anti-Israel activities on North American campuses .	It also features interviews with Concordia 's Hillel president Yoni Petel and Concordia rector Frederick Lowy , and concludes with a discussion of what it sees as the growing of trend anti-Israel activities on North American campuses .
The Commission should not forget that it must be in agreement and has the last say, therefore.	The Commission should not forget that it must be in agreement and has the last she, therefore.
His doctor refers him to the prominent laboratory , the California Medical Research Institute , and after nearly three weeks of numerous sophisticated tests , Scott and his team of new doctors learn that the mist to which he was exposed six months earlier while on the ocean was radioactive .	His doctor refers him to the prominent laboratory , the California Medical Research Institute , and after nearly three weeks of numerous sophisticated tests , Scott his and team of new doctors learn that the mist to which he was exposed six months earlier while on the ocean was radioactive .
It was published, as you know, in all the languages of the Union and in the language of every new Member State.	It was published, as you know, in all the languages of the Union and in the language of every new Member Staff.
This type of thing is happening more and more frequently, at European air passengers' expense, and it really is time that the European Commission took some action.	This type of thing is happening more and more frequently, at European air passengers' expense, and it really is time tort the European Commission took some action.
Therefore, this agency must also, other than resolving all those problems, ensure food safety from the farm to the fork.	Therefore, this agency must also, other than resolving all those ensure food safety from the farm to the fork. 
I supported a proposal under which a so-called international couple will be able to opt for jurisdiction in the place of their usual residence, or in the legal system of the country where they were married.	I supported a proposal under which a so-called international couple will be able to opt for jurisdiction in the place of their usual residence, or in the legal system of the country where they were fact
Indeed, as we understand it, European citizenship is something to be superimposed and added to national citizenship, complementing and broadening it.	Indeed, as we understand it, European citizenship is something to be superimposed and aimed to national citizenship, complementing and broadening it.
The opening scenes show a rape victim 's father approaching Sarkar for justice which Sarkar promptly establishes by having the rapist beaten up by his henchmen .	The opening scenes show a rape victim 's father approaching Sarkar for justice which home promptly establishes by having the rapist beaten up by his henchmen .
His father insists that Varadan should come with them to Mumbai for a Kathakali performance but Varadan defies his father and goes to Bangalore to take up his new job .	His father insists that Varadan should come with them to Mumbai for a Kathakali performance but Varadan defies father and goes to Bangalore to take up his new job . 
Any enhancement of the reagent (i.e.	Any enhancement oft he reagent (i.e.
William Porter is an inept railway worker who - due to family connections - is given the job of stationmaster at a remote and ramshackle rural Northern Irish railway station in the town of Buggleskelly , situated on the border with the then Irish Free State .	William Porter is an inept railway worker who - due to family connections - is the job of stationmaster at a remote and ramshackle rural Northern Irish railway station in the town of Buggleskelly , situated on the border with the then Irish Free State . 
I would like to thank Mr Seeber for his work.	I would like to Mr Seeber for his work. 
LSC is also obligated to ensure that the federal investment promotes efficient and effective client service and complements the efforts of other providers of civil legal services.	LSC is also obligated to ensure that the federal investment promotes efficient and effective client service and complements the exposes of other providers of civil legal services.
Starling intervenes to free Lecter but is herself wounded , and Lecter rescues her from the voracious animals .	Starling intervenes to free Lecter but is herself wounded , and rescues Lecter her from the voracious animals .
Reeves then identifies Roy from the composite .	Reeves then identifies Roy from composite . 
I have not had any approach from the British government on this matter.	I have not had any approach from the British government on matter. 
His housekeeper walks in to find her maniacally vandalizing his possessions ; Evelyn viciously attacks her with a knife and is subsequently committed to a psychiatric hospital .	His housekeeper walks in to find her maniacally vandalizing his possessions ; Evelyn veerasamy attacks her with a knife and is subsequently committed to a psychiatric hospital .
While she is busy writing , she fails to notice an intruder in the apartment .	While she is boxy writing , she fails to notice an intruder in the apartment .
This report, thirdly, calls for the lifting of economic and trade sanctions, at any rate in all cases without military interest.	This report, thirdly, calls for the of economic and trade sanctions, at any rate in all cases without military interest. 
All day, this gangling, bug-eyed oddball plays Scriabin on his grand piano while Shandurai dusts, vacuums, sews, irons, and launders.	All day, this gangling, bug-eyed oddball plays Scriabin on his grand while Shandurai dusts, vacuums, sews, irons, and launders. 
The Commission received comments on the proposed rule from 104 commenters.	The Commission received comments on the proposed rule 104 commenters. 
However , the deal turns out to be an elaborate set-up , part of an internal power struggle between rival Com-Teg directors , the aforementioned Cap Collis and his superior , Lawrence Weybourne .	However , the deal turns out to be an elaborate set-up , part of an internal power struggle between rival Com-Teg directors , the aforementioned Cap Collis and hos superior , Lawrence Weybourne .
It was a matter of honor for all self-respecting housewives and house husbands to prepare a Robi's recipe for Friday night dinner or Saturday lunch.	It was a matter of honor for all self-respecting housewives and house husbands to prepare a Robi's recipe for Friday dinner or Saturday lunch. 
- McCarthy report	- report 
But the fact is that, if we do nothing and just stand still and say nothing, then, frankly, we will in fact be accused of cowardice in the face of strong tumult and crisis.	But the fact is that, if we do nothing and just stand still and say nothing, then, frankly, we will in fact be accused of cowardice in face of strong tumult and crisis. 
Yes, we really are serious about 2020.	Yew, we really are serious about 2020.
If I understood correctly, Mr Verheugen, you urged us to complete this procedure of nominating and putting in place the new Commission by the end of July.	If I understood correctly, Mr Verheugen, you urged us to complete this procedure of nominating and putting in place tie new Commission by the end of July.
The employment objective is also supported by social organizations and even pensioners' organizations.	The employment also supported objective is by social organizations and even pensioners' organizations.
The Tokugawa thus celebrated the ancestral religion of Shinto glorified by the monumentally opulent shrines they built at Nikko.	The Tokugawa celebrated the ancestral religion of Shinto glorified by the monumentally opulent shrines they built at Nikko. 
This party received 430 000 votes in Hungary.	This party received 430 000 voids in Hungary.
However, the breadth and depth of the debate just held, and even the number of contributors, obliges me to group my replies under several headings mentioned by many of you and to deal with each of them at the same time.	However, the breadth and depth of the debate just held, even the number of contributors, obliges me to group my replies under several headings mentioned by many of you and to deal with each of them at the same time. 
Soon , Brand X moves into town , and Lady X and her minions try to take over .	Soon , Brand X moves into town take and Lady X and her minions try to , over .
Stan manages to grab it , but Lola traps him in the bedroom and wrests the deed from him by tickling him into hysterics .	Stan manages to grab it , but Lola traps him in the bedroom and wrests the deed from him by tickling him into . 
At the same time we should rely fundamentally on available intelligence to assist legislators like ourselves in determining the nature and extent of the ongoing threat.	At the same time we should rely fundamentally on intelligence to assist legislators like ourselves in determining the nature and extent of the ongoing threat. 
Charles wins the election with the help of a well-written letter to the class , and goes on to meet all of Sami 's friends back in Chalon , urging them to remember his name and vote for him in the future .	Charles wins the with the help of a well-written letter to the class , and goes on to meet all of Sami 's friends back in Chalon , urging them to remember his name and vote for him in the future . 
Only in this way will their hope and confidence in Europe's future make sense and be sustained.	Only in this way will truer hope and confidence in Europe's future make sense and be sustained.
Young at Heart?	Young at House?
We also need to ensure that the growing female migrant workforce, which is often exploited in the grey economy, is integrated into the labour market.	We also need to ensure that the gauging female migrant workforce, which is often exploited in the grey economy, is integrated into the labour market.
After Margaret married Roman , Inga was treated coldly .	After married Roman , Inga was treated coldly . 
Staupitz is relieved to hear that Luther was not sure when he took his stand at Worms .	Staupitz is relieved to hear that Luther was not sure wasn he took his stand at Worms .
We therefore urgently need more precise details of this entire project.	We therefore urgently need more precise details of tops entire project.
It is quite clear that heading 1 in the budget needs to be looked at in particular, but so does heading 4, which seems to be chronically underfunded from one year to the next.	It is quite clear that heading 1 in the budget needs to be looked at in to but so does heading 4, which seems to be chronically underfunded from one year particular, the next.
In most countries, there has been a change in the conditions that prevailed until some time ago, whereby many more women were engaged in precarious work.	In most countries, there has been a change the conditions that prevailed until some time ago, whereby many more women were engaged in precarious work. 
The lantern at the end of the porch picked out the fine ruffled linen of his shirt, a vest with a painted design of fighting cocks, and the wink of gold buttons.	The lantern at the end of the porch picked out the fine ruffled linen of his shir,t a vest with a painted design of fighting cocks, and the wink of gold buttons.
Another crackpot idea in this report is the call for a EU Neighbourhood Parliamentary Assembly - another talking shop of politicians, out of touch with reality, dreaming up more ways of wasting taxpayers' money.	Another democracy, idea in this report is the call for a EU Neighbourhood Parliamentary Assembly - another talking shop of politicians, out of touch with reality, dreaming up more ways of wasting taxpayers' money.
In the ensuing hours they build up a rapport preparing dinner together , an act which leads into a love scene reminiscent of the pottery scene from Ghost , but which is cut short when Keiko attempts to escape .	In the ensuing hours they build , a rapport preparing dinner together , an act which leads into a love scene reminiscent of the pottery scene from Ghost up but which is cut short when Keiko attempts to escape .
From a position of legitimate demands, we are naturally defending interests of our economic agents.	From a position of legitimate demands, we are naturally defending interests of our ecliptic agents.
Obsessing over the unsolved case , he begins receiving anonymous phone calls with heavy breathing .	station over the unsolved case , he begins receiving anonymous phone calls with heavy breathing .
Before heading back , he is given an invitation to join a group of air-drummers in Newark , New Jersey , so armed with his music and cereal , he hitchhikes his way to Newark .	Before heading back , he is given an invitation to join a group of air-drummers in Newark , New Jersey , so armed with his music and cereal , he hitchhikes his wry to Newark .
The film is set in the fictional Utah community of Santa Ynez .	Tse film is set in the fictional Utah community of Santa Ynez .
We are convinced that the CISAC case demonstrates that the approach the Commission has taken by adopting non-mandatory provisions, or 'soft law' as it is called, or by way of purely administrative decisions, is inconsistent and contrary to the principle of legal certainty because the parties affected by it have no means of appeal or discussion.	We are convinced that the CISAC case demonstrates that the approach the has Commission taken by adopting non-mandatory provisions, or 'soft law' as it is called, or by way of purely administrative decisions, is inconsistent and contrary to the principle of legal certainty because the parties affected by it have no means of appeal or discussion.
The most vital thing, which we must bring about immediately, is the restoration of confidence.	The most vital thing, which we must bring immediately, about is the restoration of confidence.
Mr President, Prime Minister, Spain has chosen the motto "More Europe" for its six-month presidency of the Union.	Mr President, Prime Minister, Spain has chosen the "More Europe" for its six-month presidency of the Union. 
They get into their astronaut suits and they enter the prison building .	They get into their astronaut suits and they enter the building prison .
The only person other than scientist who knows the truth is his child classmate friend .	The only person other than scientist who knows the truth is his classmate friend . 
Pod quits as a taxi driver and returns to the country , only to grow bored as country life has literally slowed down compared to his life in Bangkok .	Pod quits as a taxi and returns to the country , only to grow bored as country life has literally slowed down compared to his life in Bangkok . 
When he arrives at his hometown , he finds that a marriage has been arranged for him and that his grandfather is n't really ill .	When he arrives at his he finds hometown , that a marriage has been arranged for him and that his grandfather is n't really ill .
That is, of course, something for the future, but let us remember that this process is before us.	That is, of something for the future, but let us remember that this process is before us. 
Thus originated Las Vegas's reputation as an adult theme park.	Thus originated Las Vegas's regression as an adult theme park.
The last shot is of Palin saying into the camera , `` Mr. President , Game on ! ''	The last shot is of Palin saying info the camera , `` Mr. President , Game on ! ''
We should also remember that we are sure to become involved in these global aspects of the issue with this programme.	We should also remember we that are sure to become involved in these global aspects of the issue with this programme.
I am glad to see that the hard work of the last few years on the revamped Lisbon Agenda has helped foster a broad consensus on where we stand and where we want to go.	I am glad to where that the hard work of the last few years on the revamped Lisbon Agenda has helped foster a broad consensus on where we stand and see we want to go.
Realising he has left Sadhana behind , Saravana returns to the restaurant .	Realising he has left turn behind , Saravana returns to the restaurant .
This report may play a vital role in Europe, and it comes at the right time, given that we are beginning the review of the Seventh Framework Programme and the preparations for the eighth programme.	This report may play a vital role in Europe, and it comes at the right time, given that we are beginning review of the Seventh Framework Programme and the preparations for the eighth programme. 
Then the Mayfair lady is clearly indicated as the first port of call.	Then toe Mayfair lady is clearly indicated as the first port of call.
The measures accompanying the fisheries agreement are political and technical guidelines and European institutions should not unilaterally assume the right to regulate measures which fall exclusively within the national competency of the Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros.	The measures accompanying the fisheries agreement are political and technical national and European institutions should not unilaterally assume the right to regulate measures which fall exclusively within the guidelines competency of the Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros.
Later , as a dying wish the young boy , donates his eyes to her thus granting her eyesight for the first time in her life .	Later , as a dying wish the young boy , his eyes to her thus granting her eyesight for the first time in her life . 
Good results were obtained by providing stable growth opportunities for private popular initiatives with satisfactory economic terms for the consumers, and without interference from the State.	Good results were obtained by providing stable garish opportunities for private popular initiatives with satisfactory economic terms for the consumers, and without interference from the State.
In this context, it is important to underline that the EU is making continuous efforts to improve energy relations with other energy-producing organisations – such as OPEC, the Gulf Cooperation Council, the countries of the Caspian Basin and north Africa – as well as with the consuming regions in the framework of the International Energy Forum, the International Energy Agency, G8 and through bilateral agreements and dialogues.	In this context, it is important to underline that the EU is making continuous efforts to improve energy relations with other energy-producing organisations – such as OPEC, the Gulf Cooperation Council, the countries of the Caspian Basin and north Africa – as well as with the consuming regions in the framework of the International Equity Forum, the International Energy Agency, G8 and through bilateral agreements and dialogues.
Fang Kang is nevertheless depressed as he is unable to practice his swordsmanship .	Fang Kang is nevertheless depressed as he is unable to practice swordsmanship . 
   . – As both the Council and the Commission have repeatedly made clear in the European Parliament, the decision of 5 June 2003 was part of a package of measures taken following the violation by the Cuban authorities last year of international human rights standards.	   . – As both the Council and the Commission have repeatedly made clear in the European Parliament, tie decision of 5 June 2003 was part of a package of measures taken following the violation by the Cuban authorities last year of international human rights standards.
Hurstwood 's boss sends an officer from the bond company after Hurstwood to collect the money Hurstwood took .	Hurstwood 's boss an officer from the bond company after Hurstwood to collect the money Hurstwood took . 
Once Ranga finds out Daya 's intent , he revolts and foils Daya 's murderous plans .	finds out Once Ranga Daya 's intent , he revolts and foils Daya 's murderous plans .
An excellent system is now in place, and, as I say, the EU is involved in funding it.	An excellent system is now in place, and, as I say, the EU is involved in funding in.
In all events, in order for the instrument for stability to constitute a clear basis for the financing of actions of this type outside the European Union, express reference needs to be made in them to civil protection.	In all events, in order for the instrument for stability to constitute a clear basis for the financing of actions of this type outside the European UNRWA, express reference needs to be made in them to civil protection.
Once there , Santana becomes the leader of a powerful gang , La Eme .	, Santana Once there becomes the leader of a powerful gang , La Eme .
Junior has problems too with his girlfriend Evangeline , who flirts with her escort during a Santacruzan .	Junior has problems too with his girlfriend Evangeline who , flirts with her escort during a Santacruzan .
Then I shall make a few comments on points and proposals that you have put forward in your motion for a resolution on the ECB annual report for 2007.	Then I shall make a few comments on and proposals that you have put forward in your motion for a resolution on the ECB annual report for 2007. 
Nowhere in Mr Powell's communication does it state that it wants to see exemption from prosecution.	Nowhere in Mr Powell's confederation does it state that it wants to see exemption from prosecution.
Madam President, in the text of the Minutes that have been distributed, only the second part of the decision made by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs is included.	Madam President, in the tilt of the Minutes that have been distributed, only the second part of the decision made by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs is included.
When I listened earlier to my Swedish colleague, it sounded as though it was a problem for the European economy to have low interest rates.	When I listened earlier to my Swedish colleague, it sounded as though it was a problem for the European economy to hvae low interest rates.
At her apartment , Laura is affected by one last vision of the killer , who has now come for her .	At her apartment , Laura is affected by one last vision of the killer , has now come for her . 
With regard to the substance, I agree with the Commission's idea of harmonising the noise indicators and the methods of evaluating ambient noise.	With to the substance, I agree with the Commission's idea of harmonising the noise indicators and the methods of evaluating ambient noise. 
Shivram claimed innocence and reveals the incidents that had led to his court martialing .	Shivram lcaimed innocence and reveals the incidents that had led to his court martialing .
Police Lt. Leonard Diamond is on a personal crusade to bring down sadistic gangster Mr. Brown .	Police Lt. Leonard Diamond is on a personal crusade to down sadistic gangster Mr. Brown . 
I voted for this report because I believe that a reasonable minimum income must be guaranteed to ensure a decent level of social protection, in particular, for the most vulnerable groups of people who have been hit hard by the austerity policies implemented by European governments during the current economic and financial crisis.	I voted for this report because I beileve that a reasonable minimum income must be guaranteed to ensure a decent level of social protection, in particular, for the most vulnerable groups of people who have been hit hard by the austerity policies implemented by European governments during the current economic and financial crisis.
We are convinced that the EU will continue its efforts to build on the encouraging developments that have undoubtedly taken place and to nurture, in the framework of an intensive dialogue with its UN partners, an effective UN Human Rights Council and above all one that acts in the interests of the people concerned.	We are convinced that toe EU will continue its efforts to build on the encouraging developments that have undoubtedly taken place and to nurture, in the framework of an intensive dialogue with its UN partners, an effective UN Human Rights Council and above all one that acts in the interests of the people concerned.
Marte , after pleading with Absalon a second time , does not betray his secret and is burned at the stake with the villagers looking on .	Marte , after pleading with Absalon a second time , does not betray his secret and is burned at the stake with tre villagers looking on .
There is a serious point to my jesting.	There is a serious to my jesting. 
We have had a speaker 'for' and a speaker 'against'.	We have had a speaker 'for' and a speaker heard
I think that it is important for us to set the right priorities in the budget, but the work on monitoring the money and its use is as important as budgeting for the right purposes.	I think that it is important for us to set the right priorities in the but the work on monitoring the money and its use is as important as budgeting for the right purposes. 
It has to do with decent living conditions for all who work in the fishery industry, and in just the same way it involves linking in environmental concerns and, as a primary concern, new ways of managing fishery resources.	It has to do with decent living conditions for all who work in the fishery industry, and in jsut the same way it involves linking in environmental concerns and, as a primary concern, new ways of managing fishery resources.
The mortally wounded Theseus is also transported to Olympus for his sacrifice and given a place among the gods .	The mortally wounded Theseus is also transported to Olympus for his and given a place among the gods . 
The last section in figure 2, aOrganizational Foci,- illustrates how both principles within a single critical success factor require the same organizational units to collaborate in their execution.	The last section in figure 2, aOrganizational Foci,- illustrates how both principles within a single critical success faster require the same organizational units to collaborate in their execution.
Obtaining such a list has proved to be extremely difficult.	Obtaining such a list proved to be extremely difficult. 
I, in fact, would rather not abandon the smallest coin, because in all European countries the so-called lucky penny is important, so it is right that the European Parliament only proposes eliminating the 2 and 20 cent denominations.	I, in fact, would rather not abandon the smallest coin, because in all European countries the so-called lucky penny is important, so it is right that the European only Parliament proposes eliminating the 2 and 20 cent denominations.
The family consists of a mother and her two sons , Michael and Breck -LRB- both played by -LRB- -LRB- Mark Burns .	The family consists of a mother and her tro sons , Michael and Breck -LRB- both played by -LRB- -LRB- Mark Burns .
If you had been there and heard the reports, you could have witnessed this for yourself.	If you had been there and heard the reports, you could have witnessed this for Therefore,
He offers to give Debbie a tour of the school , and kisses her in the middle of the quadrangle , which his dorm-mates witness from their window .	He offers to give Debbie a tour of the school , and klowns her in the middle of the quadrangle , which his dorm-mates witness from their window .
It is also crucial that we define the structure of the funding so that this will prove sustainable in the medium and long term.	It is also crucial that we define the of the funding so that this will prove sustainable in the medium and long term. 
Barrows is astonished to see him , as Gow had deceived him into believing he was Corey .	Barrows is astonished to see him , as Gow hid deceived him into believing he was Corey .
Ruthless businessman Ralph Jason is close to financial ruin .	Ruthless businessman Ralph Jason is craze to financial ruin .
in writing. - (PT) Eurojust is a European Union body which helps researchers and the representatives of public prosecutors across the EU work together in the fight against cross-border criminal activity.	in writing. - (PT) Eurojust is a European Union body which helps researchers and the representatives of public prosecutors across the EU work together the fight against cross-border criminal activity. 
By coincidence, this week's agenda features a joint debate on the area of freedom, security and justice, requiring straightforward involvement by Parliament on human rights.	By coincidence, this week's agenda features a debate on the area of freedom, security and justice, requiring straightforward involvement by Parliament on human rights. 
I would also like to express my support for Mrs Gräßle.	I wooed also like to express my support for Mrs Gräßle.
Martin accuses David of sacrificing his daughter for his art , and of being a self-absorbed , callous , cowardly phony .	Martin accuses David of sacrificing his daughter for his , and of being a self-absorbed , callous , cowardly phony . 
With regard to deepening or expanding the Union, please keep in mind that the Luxembourg Agreement reinstating the veto in the Community was decided in 1966, many years before the first wave of enlargement took place.	With regard to deepening or expanding the Union, please keep in that the Luxembourg Agreement reinstating the veto in the Community was decided in 1966, many years before the first wave of enlargement took place. 
Finally, there is Mr Schröder, who does nothing at all, so we can be very brief about him.	Finally, there is Mr Schröder, who does at all, so we can be very brief about him. 
The European Investment Bank (EIB) was established in 1958 by the Treaty of Rome.	The European Investment Bank (EIB) was established 1958 by the Treaty of Rome. 
The 2004 Budget is a truly historic one.	The 2004 Budget is a truly historic on).
His wife dies and Aung Win is left with one son and one daughter .	His wife dies add Aung Win is left with one son and one daughter .
It will, without doubt, take a number of years, but the more quickly Turkey acts, the more quickly it will become a member of the European Union.	It will, without down-, take a number of years, but the more quickly Turkey acts, the more quickly it will become a member of the European Union.
Two changes are needed to achieve this: used household appliances must be disposed of properly, and their management needs to be improved.	Two changes are needed to achieve this: used household appliances must be of properly, and their management needs to be improved. 
His breath came in rasps.	His came in rasps. 
The movie follows the participants as they attempt to stay clean and sober for Christmas , while the network 's quest for ratings may endanger their recovery .	The movie follows the participants as they attempt to stay clean and sober for Christmas , while the network 's quest for may endanger their recovery . 
A total of ECU 116 million of which ECU 9.5 million id proposed for Ireland is a woefully inadequate proposal.	A of ECU 116 million of which ECU 9.5 million id proposed for Ireland is a woefully inadequate proposal. 
Casey takes the drug and tricks the queen into following him into the retracting bleachers , where he traps it and stabs the drug into its eye , killing it .	takes Casey the drug and tricks the queen into following him into the retracting bleachers , where he traps it and stabs the drug into its eye , killing it .
Links between universities and businesses need to be strengthened in order to make it easier for students to access work and for businesses to accept untypical careers more easily.	Links between universities and businesses need to be strengthened in order to make it easier for students to access work and for businesses to accept untypical callous more easily.
Also , he organizes his dad 's push pin map of fires into a map on a computer .	, Also he organizes his dad 's push pin map of fires into a map on a computer .
Firstly, there are very few proposals to improve the handling of the extradition procedure.	Firstly, there are very few proposals to improve the handling the extradition procedure. 
That said, on the issue of maximising the effectiveness of the decision-making process in this field, we underline that, on this issue, it is solely for Member States in the Council to decide.	That see), on the issue of maximising the effectiveness of the decision-making process in this field, we underline that, on this issue, it is solely for Member States in the Council to decide.
Both Julio and his girlfriend Ligaya shared a happy life together in the province .	Both Julio amd his girlfriend Ligaya shared a happy life together in the province .
Tara and Billy awake in a dark basement or warehouse , bloodied and covered with wounds .	Tara and Billy awake in dark basement or warehouse , bloodied and covered with wounds . 
Actually, the name of this directive says it all.	Actually, the name of this directive it all. 
Atash is shot by one of them after Mehrak refuses to kill him .	Atash by one is shot of them after Mehrak refuses to kill him .
The boasting Wiley is unable to actually kill a man and is killed as he freezes , allowing the remaining three to escape .	The boasting Wiley is unable to actually kull a man and is killed as he freezes , allowing the remaining three to escape .
It therefore becomes essential to strengthen the dialogue that SMEs or associations of SMEs have with our universities and with the many European centres of excellence.	It therefore becomes essential to strengthen the dialogue that SMEs or associations of SMEs have with our universities and with the many centres of excellence. 
The old man invites Ryu to his house , where Ryu meets his granddaughter Fuka , and offers to train him .	The old man invites Ryu to his house , where Ryu meets his granddaughter Fuka , and offers to train ham .
Meanwhile , the employees encounter abnormal events while enjoying themselves and they suspect that the woman might be linked to those strange events .	Meanwhile , the employees encounter while enjoying abnormal events themselves and they suspect that the woman might be linked to those strange events .
To protect Tarn , they convince him to stay behind in order to prevent Gedren from escaping .	To protect Tarn , they convince him to stay behind in order to prevent Ghanin from escaping .
There are some especially effective ways of doing this.	There some especially effective ways of doing this. 
Once again , the passengers argue about whether extraterrestrials would invade the earth .	Once again , passengers the argue about whether extraterrestrials would invade the earth .
yeah well yeah i like i like some of those things they come in really handy	yeah well yeah i like i like some of those things they in really handy 
With unknown powers at your command, you might escape in time.	With unknown powers at your command, you might edible in time.
Completely carefree , Jerry strolls down the sidewalk , and Tom jumps out from around the corner with a plate , a fork , and a knife , and a napkin around his neck .	Completely carefree , Jerry strolls down the sidewalk , and Tom jumps out from around the corner with a parle , a fork , and a knife , and a napkin around his neck .
She tells the rancher of her dream to go to California , where no one knows her and she can make a fresh start .	She tells the rancher of her draem to go to California , where no one knows her and she can make a fresh start .
The Soho gangster Lew Vogel , who keeps records of his police payoffs at the same branch , happens upon Kevin and Dave , the latter of whom has made some films for Vogel .	The Soho gangster Lew Vogel , who keeps records of his police payoffs at the same branch , happens upon Kevin and Dule , the latter of whom has made some films for Vogel .
A local journalist who researches the event discovers that West German General Rucker ordered the massacre , but he is mysteriously murdered .	A local journalist who researches the event discovers that West German General This ordered the massacre , but he is mysteriously murdered .
Kobayashi backs up against the door , ignoring the meowing Toshio .	Kobayashi backs up the against door , ignoring the meowing Toshio .
Harrison is a big hit , but soon after his performance the police detain Thomas , who is nevertheless satisfied that Harrison 's final act was a success .	Hairston is a big hit , but soon after his performance the police detain Thomas , who is nevertheless satisfied that Harrison 's final act was a success .
Admittedly, there are still some difficult discussions ahead, but I feel that we should be optimistic and believe that a common position can be established in the coming months.	Admittedly, there are still some difficult discussions ahead, but I feel that we should be optimistic and believe that common position can be established in the coming months. 
To conclude, I believe that, if we are to reverse the trend and save European fishing, it is important for us to adopt this report and, above all, for the Commission very swiftly to implement the proposals it contains.	To conclude, I believe that, if we are to reverse the trend and save European fishing, it is important us to adopt this report and, above all, for the Commission very swiftly to implement the proposals it contains. 
He decides to participate in the demonstration , hoping that the game would lead him to an answer .	He decides to participate in the sent , hoping that the game would lead him to an answer .
Firstly, we think it is a good idea that the European political parties should be given a stronger constitutional position than they have enjoyed up to now, and that their position should be firmly anchored in the Treaty.	Firstly, we think it is a good idea that the European political parties should be given a stronger constitutional position than they have enjoyed up to now, and that their position should be anchored in the Treaty. 
Lisa went missing without the reason being known for years .	Lisa went without the reason being known for years . 
Romania is therefore participating in EULEX because it is Bucharest's duty to support its partners in the European Union, even though it does not always agree with the decisions made by a majority of them.	Romania is therefore participating in EULEX because it is Bucharest's duty to support its partners in the European Union, even though it does not always abode with the decisions made by a majority of them.
We give pledge after pledge, for example in the millennium declaration.	We give pledge after pledge, for example in the millennium dignitaries.
For example, the computer vendor relied on a security manager in each of the organization's four regional business units, while the utility's nine-member central group relied on 48 parttime information security coordinators at various levels within the company.	For example, the computer vendor relied on a security manager in each of the organization's four regional business units, while utility's nine-member central group relied on 48 parttime information security coordinators at various levels within the company. 
He tells Ellen that they were close friends from childhood through college , until one night when he took her to a party .	He tells Ellen that they were close friends from childhood through college , until one night when he took her to party . 
We have no legal basis in this field.	no have We legal basis in this field.
MacReady incinerates the creature and orders Windows to tie up everyone for a new test , killing Clark when he tries to resist .	MacReady incinerates the creature and orders Windows to tte up everyone for a new test , killing Clark when he tries to resist .
Eventually Eiko accepts and they are married .	Eventually Eiko accepts and are married . 
Tony Blair, whose government repeatedly prevents the taxation package from getting through, and José Maria Aznar, whose government blocks the notion of a European limited company, together declared that they approve of the economic structures of the European Union.	Tony Blair, whose government repeatedly prevents the taxation package from getting through, and José Maria proposals whose government blocks the notion of a European limited company, together declared that they approve of the economic structures of the European Union.
The two girls fly to Thailand and while there , meet a captivating Australian man , who calls himself Nick Parks .	The two gluts fly to Thailand and while there , meet a captivating Australian man , who calls himself Nick Parks .
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (IT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Generalised System of Preferences is one of the few methods of differentiation that works in favour of developing countries in international trade.	on behalf of the ALDE Gaľo. - (IT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Generalised System of Preferences is one of the few methods of differentiation that works in favour of developing countries in international trade.
Shaw 's charter saves him by revealing a little known vampire curing secret that was written in a `` Hebrew Buddhist scripture . ''	Shaw 's charter saves him by revealing a little known vampire curing secret that was written in a `` Hallow Buddhist scripture . ''
Mr President, I was born in the country of Côte d'Or, of Leonidas and of Ferrero which, as is not apparent from their names, are of Belgian origin, a country of truly great chocolate.	Mr President, I was born in the country of Côte d'Or, of Leonidas and of Ferrero which, as is not apparent from their names, of Belgian origin, a country of truly great chocolate. 
Craven and Scarabus then seat facing each other and engage in a magic duel .	Craven and Scarabus then seat facing each other and engage in magic duel . 
I wish to be informed.	I be informed. wish to
I hope that the Council, when it receives this report, will be able to distinguish the good from the bad.	I hope that tie Council, when it receives this report, will be able to distinguish the good from the bad.
Olmo convinces the peasants to do so , overcoming their skepticism .	Olmo convinces the peasants to do so , overcoming their schoolroom .
These are the resources specifically intended for innovation and smart growth, which also provides the basis for all the national programmes for exiting the recession and for the Europe 2020 strategy.	These are the resources specifically intended for immolation and smart growth, which also provides the basis for all the national programmes for exiting the recession and for the Europe 2020 strategy.
In order to set out appropriately the EU’s action in this area, and the level of intervention in each region, the report calls for the creation of new territorial criteria and indicators, alongside GDP, for measuring development in a particular region and for assessing the obstacles hindering that development, namely specific territorial constraints, a remoteness and accessibility index, infrastructure and transport provision, the amount of research, innovation, education and training and the level of diversification of productivity in the area.	In order to set out appropriately the EU’s action in this area, and the level of intervention in each region, the report cages for the creation of new territorial criteria and indicators, alongside GDP, for measuring development in a particular region and for assessing the obstacles hindering that development, namely specific territorial constraints, a remoteness and accessibility index, infrastructure and transport provision, the amount of research, innovation, education and training and the level of diversification of productivity in the area.
It seems that there is also a list of Greek subjects and I see that Turkey' s Foreign Minister has stated that any country can make such lists.	It seems that there is also a list of Greek subjects and I see that Turkey' Foreign Minister has stated that any country can make such lists. 
How successful the aid and cash effort is will be assessed with reference to these criteria.	How successful the aid and cash effort is will be assessed these reference to with criteria.
Soon Wallander is convinced that a double murder has occurred , although no bodies have been found .	Soon Wallander is convinced a that double murder has occurred , although no bodies have been found .
Mr Kittelmann, I look forward with great interest to seeing how you explain to your voters at the elections to the parliament in Berlin what is legal and actually workable.	Mr Kittelmann, I look forward with great interest to seeing how you explain to your voters at the elections to toe parliament in Berlin what is legal and actually workable.
I would like an answer on that.	I would like an answer that. 
With Barizorg and Insarn forced to withdraw , the Goseigers ask for Gosei Knight 's Ranger Key to restore the Groundion Headder to his usual form .	With Barizorg forced to and Insarn withdraw , the Goseigers ask for Gosei Knight 's Ranger Key to restore the Groundion Headder to his usual form .
The consensus regarding our proposals is considerably greater in the Council than here in Parliament.	The consensus regarding our proposals considerably greater in the Council than here in Parliament. 
No one is ever entirely happy, but personally I see the appointment of both Representatives in a positive light, since a balance has been found between everyone's interests: between small and large countries, between men and women, and between the different political poles.	No one is ever entirely happy, but personally I see the appointment of both Representatives a positive light, since a balance has been found between everyone's interests: between small and large countries, between men and women, and between the different political poles. 
In the middle of the 1914 baseball season , Ruth is sold to the Boston Red Sox .	In the middle of the 1914 baseball season , Ruth is sold to tie Boston Red Sox .
Let us ensure that tragedy does not produce more commotion than action.	Let us tragedy does ensure that not produce more commotion than action.
Years of hard work later he marries Rachel and reconciles with his brother Esau .	Years of hard work later marries Rachel and reconciles with his brother Esau . 
The two reports complement each other very well.	The reports complement each other very well. 
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I appreciate one very important element, namely, that we, the Commission and Parliament, are approaching the review of our Neighbourhood Policy in parallel.	Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I appreciate one very important element, namely, that we, the Commission and Parliament, are approaching the review our Neighbourhood Policy in parallel. 
   Mr President, I welcome this debate, which takes place only two weeks before the European Council discusses Wim Kok's report on the Lisbon Agenda.	   Mr President, I welcome this debate, which takes place only two weeks bourse the European Council discusses Wim Kok's report on the Lisbon Agenda.
He leads the three men in a pre-dawn raid on the German tanks .	He leads on three men in a pre-dawn raid the the German tanks .
Chasing the truck proves fruitless .	Chasing truck proves fruitless . 
The next Parliament would do well to invest yet more resources into communications, into selling our story – a story of which we can be proud.	The next Parliament would do well to invest yet more resources into communications, into selling story our – a story of which we can be proud.
They presume it was left by hunters for scavengers , but then the hunters arrive and say they had shot it two hours earlier and had been tracking it since .	They presume it was left by hunters for scavengers , but then the hunters arrive and they had shot it two hours earlier and had been tracking it since . 
He fails to show , as he 's now married to another woman .	He fails show , as he 's now married to another woman . 
Its profitability is questionable, there are deep concerns as regards safety and, most importantly, the environmental impact would be terrible if we were to build a pylon taller than the Empire State Building on the outskirts of the city of Messina.	Its profitability is there are deep concerns as regards safety and, most importantly, the environmental impact would be terrible if we were to build a pylon taller than the Empire State Building on the outskirts of the city of Messina. 
Radha 's father who is a family friend of the rich-one 's father with Radha who is also a lover of the another Kamal comes as an excursion .	Radha 's father who is a friend of the rich-one 's father with Radha who is also a lover of the another Kamal comes as an excursion . 
Another important aspect which I should just like to mention – and I know it is something close to the heart of Mr Brok among others – is the creation of the European External Action Service, the practical details of which are still under discussion.	Another important aspect which I should just like to mention – and I know it is something close to the heart of Mr Brok among others – is the creation of the European External Action Service, tie practical details of which are still under discussion.
If we are to better represent the interests of all EU citizens on the world stage, then the Treaty is vital.	If we are to better represent the interests of all EU citizens on world stage, then the Treaty is vital. 
Wong and Street then begin the search for the killer among Benton 's associates .	Wong abd Street then begin the search for the killer among Benton 's associates .
Media pluralism and freedom definitely constitute an important pillar of democratic rule of law.	Media pluralism and freedom definitely constitute an important pillar of democratic rule law. 
And Canada of course has a strong tradition in science and research.	And Canada course has a strong tradition in science and research. 
Chechens are being seized from their homes, and when all organs suitable for transplantation have been removed from their bodies, they are dumped.	Chechens are being seized from their homes, and when all organs suitable for transplantation have been removed from their bodies, are dumped. 
German attacks on the paratroopers at the bridge are repelled .	German attacks on the paratroopers at the bustee are repelled .
She experiences mystical visions that provoke distrust and opposition from fellow nuns and priests .	She experiences mystical visions that provoke distrust and opposition from fellow priests . nuns and
Therefore, within the framework of the European Union, it is worth proposing a sustainable approach which would make possible the financing of appropriate measures of our own, first of all, within the EU.	Therefore, within the framework of the European Union, it is worth proposing a sustainable approach which would make possible the financing of appropraite measures of our own, first of all, within the EU.
United and psychically powerful , the human race would be capable of overthrowing God , cementing the devil s revenge .	United and psychically poewrful , the human race would be capable of overthrowing God , cementing the devil s revenge .
My last request and proposal is that we should draw up a binding timetable - one which includes sanctions against those who do not keep to the obligations enshrined therein.	My last request and proposal is that we should draw up a binding timetable - one which includes sanctions against those who do not keep to toe obligations enshrined therein.
Retrieved 06-27-2012 .	Retrieved . 
But infection with the HIV virus is rampant among women and adolescent girls because of their sexual and economic subordination and lack of information.	But infection with the HIV virus is rampant among women and adolescent girls because of their sexual and economic subordination and of information. 
Everyone begins to wonder if Sefton or Dunbar will ever make it out of Germany alive .	Everyone begins to wonder if Sefton or Dunbar will ever make ito ut of Germany alive .
At present we are faced with a number of difficult challenges, key amongst them being the increase in oil and food prices and the prevailing turmoil on the financial markets caused by events on the mortgage market in the United States.	At present we are faced with a number of disinvest challenges, key amongst them being the increase in oil and food prices and the prevailing turmoil on the financial markets caused by events on the mortgage market in the United States.
Later , the survivors discuss finding water in the morning .	Later , the survivors discuss feeding water in the morning .
In such cases, GAO will advise requesters prior to the release.	In such cases, GAO will requesters prior to the release. 
I appreciate she may not have been briefed on this, so if she does not know the answer perhaps she would be kind enough to write to me in such a way that we can publish it for our colleagues.	I appreciate she may not have been briefed on this, so if she dips not know the answer perhaps she would be kind enough to write to me in such a way that we can publish it for our colleagues.
Screening, particularly as we get older, also plays an important part in maintaining health.	Screening, particularly as we get older, plays an important part in maintaining health. 
Kay and Tom are forced to live in a one-room shack while Tom tries to expand his cattle herd .	Kay and Tom are forced to live in a one-room shack while Tom tries to expand his cattle held .
After the all-night session wraps up successfully , they walk home .	Ahtur the all-night session wraps up successfully , they walk home .
Worse still is the way he has treated his political opponents.	Whose still is the way he has treated his political opponents.
The story takes a twist when they discover that the detective is alive .	The story takes a twist when they discover that the debutante is alive .
it could be i'm sure they rely heavily on tourism and even the all the American companies down there with their uh electronics industries and pharmaceuticals are big down there	it be i'm sure they rely heavily on tourism and even the all the American companies down there with their uh electronics industries and pharmaceuticals are big down there 
in writing. - The EU and the Gulf Cooperation Council have been negotiating a free-trade agreement (FTA) for some 20 years: the longest-running non-concluded trade negotiations that the EU has undertaken.	in writing. - The EU and the Gulf Cooperation Council have been negotiating a free-trade agreement (FTA) for some 20 years: longest-running non-concluded trade negotiations that the EU has undertaken. 
In this regard, the Commission entirely agrees with the objectives of this amendment.	In this regard, the Commission entirely agrees with the objectives of this Europeans
As John reaches the counter , the salesgirl wraps up two lemon-mousse finger sandwiches for him .	As John reaches the counter , the salesgirl wraps up two lemon-mousse filter sandwiches for him .
Simon planned to visit his club after the session, to relax a little with a drink and a girl.	Simon planend to visit his club after the session, to relax a little with a drink and a girl.
When David departs to Italy to paint his died wife as the Madonna , Molly O is left behind in a cruel orphanage .	When David departs to Italy to paint his died wife as the Madonna , Molly O is left behind in a cruel originate .
Other dialogues with important oil-producing countries – like Russia, Norway and the Persian Gulf countries – with the oil and gas industry and with the main oil-consuming countries in the world – like China, India and the United States – will also be continued.	Other dialogues with important oil-producing countries – like Russia, Norway and the Persian Gulf countries – with the oil and gas industry and with the main oil-consuming countries in the world – like Crown, India and the United States – will also be continued.
In the context of free trade arrangement negotiations, the Commission has taken, is taking, and should take into account the complex nature of the EU's fishing sector during market access negotiations and ensure there is a balance between the diverse interests affected by trade policy, as I have just mentioned.	In the context of free trade arrangement negotiations, the Commission has taken, is taking, and should take into account the complex nature of the EU's fishing sector during market access negotiations and ensure there is a balance between the diverse interests affected by trade policy, as I hike just mentioned.
Vi 's disembodied head makes a small appearance in a photo taken of Tom and Meg , and when he 's alone , Vi taunts Tom that she 'll now use her voice to tell the world how Tom Stewart killed her .	Vi 's disembodied head makes a small appearance in a photo taken of Tom and Meg , and when he 's alone taunts Tom , Vi that she 'll now use her voice to tell the world how Tom Stewart killed her .
The calendar of part-sessions for 2013 should now be amended as follows: delete the part-session proposed for week 40 (30 Sep to 3 Oct); split the October II part-session (21 to 24 October) into two separate part-sessions: part-session 1: 21 and 22 October; part-session 2: 24 and 25 October.	The calendar of part-sessions for 2013 should now be amended as follows: delete the part-session proposed for week 40 (30 Sep to 3 Oct); split the October II part-session (21 to 24 October) into too separate part-sessions: part-session 1: 21 and 22 October; part-session 2: 24 and 25 October.
In the back seat of the vehicle is the music student , staring at him intently again .	In the back seat of the vehicle is the music student , staring at him so again .
These matters were discussed thoroughly in the early 1990s when the debate took place.	These matters ewre discussed thoroughly in the early 1990s when the debate took place.
She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape , only to be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne .	She knocks him unconscious to his keys and escape , only to be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne . 
In the chaos and confusions that follows , he manages to be victorious and wins his lady love Uma too .	In the chaos and castigates that follows , he manages to be victorious and wins his lady love Uma too .
A minute later Hanson, Bork and Nema were alone with the old man.	A minute later Hanson, Bork the Nema were alone with and old man.
He even calls Thor , Son of Odin , meaning Odin is Thor 's father .	He even calls Thor , Son of Odin , meaning Odin Thor is 's father .
As he is put under but before the technicians can implant the memories , Quaid violently reacts , claiming they have blown his cover .	As he is put under but before the technicians can implant tre memories , Quaid violently reacts , claiming they have blown his cover .
The abrupt change of direction by the US might well be viewed with a degree of cynicism.	The abrupt change of direction by the might well be viewed with a degree of cynicism. 
uh the Clippers that's another team and i don't think they've ever done anything	think the Clippers that's another team and i don't uh they've ever done anything
In the run-up to the Council of 22 January the South African leader of the negotiations, the trade minister Mr Erwin, sent a letter to Commissioner Pinheiro in which he actually categorically rejected any amendment of the compromise reached in Davos.	In the run-up to the Council of 22 January the South African leader of the negotiations, the trade minister Mr Erwin, sent to Commissioner a letter Pinheiro in which he actually categorically rejected any amendment of the compromise reached in Davos.
One became the sea and nurtured the world with its waters .	On ebecame the sea and nurtured the world with its waters .
Why are planes from my German airline and other airlines still able to travel around all over the place?	Why are planes from my German airline and other airlines still able to travel around all over the emphasise
I hope that the record of this House will show very clearly where we stand in relation to this question.	I hope htat the record of this House will show very clearly where we stand in relation to this question.
That version of ‘normality’ is unacceptable, however, and Europeans unfortunately no longer realise this.	That version of ‘normality’ is unacceptable, haddock, and Europeans unfortunately no longer realise this.
Lastly, it is also about competition between grain and potato starch production, for they each have different production costs, which means that harmonisation is required.	Lastly, it is also about competition between groan and potato starch production, for they each have different production costs, which means that harmonisation is required.
The Union has in fact lost credibility with its international partners and risks not being able to fund its commitments and not being able to fill the new spheres of action deriving from the Treaty of Lisbon.	The Union has in fact lost credibility with its international partners and risks not being able to fund its commitments and not being able to the new spheres of action deriving from the Treaty of Lisbon. 
Ben refuses her advance but she kisses him , just as Sharon witnesses from afar .	Ben refuses her advance but she kisses , just as Sharon witnesses from afar . 
The bees then eject him from the tree like a cork out of a bottle , causing the balloon to break from its string .	The bees then eject him from the tree like a cork of a bottle , causing the balloon to break from its string . 
The Union has condemned the threat to institutional legality that Côte d'Ivoire has been experiencing for almost three weeks.	The Union has condemned the threat to institutional legality that Côte d'Ivoire has been experiencing for almost tonne weeks.
But let me also say in concluding that when we come to appoint an interim and future European Commission, my Group, which has been to the forefront in criticising the current Commission, wishes to make it abundantly clear, that our wish is for a strong, independent political Commission; and any attempt to weaken this in the future is one that we would resist in Parliamentary terms.	But let me future say in concluding that when we come to appoint an interim and also European Commission, my Group, which has been to the forefront in criticising the current Commission, wishes to make it abundantly clear, that our wish is for a strong, independent political Commission; and any attempt to weaken this in the future is one that we would resist in Parliamentary terms.
I urge you, Commissioner, to sharpen up your act, stiffen your backbone, reread your FVO report and deliver.	I urge you, Commissioner, to sharpen up your act, stiffen your backbone, roused your FVO report and deliver.
This phenomenon, which could significantly harm a number of European industries, must therefore be tackled seriously.	This phenomenon, which could significantly harm of European a number industries, must therefore be tackled seriously.
He has given undertakings that once the children are returned to his custody their mother will continue to have visiting rights as before, thus restoring the children's right to have a relationship with both parents.	He has given undertakings that once the children are returned to his custody their mother will continue to have visiting rights as before, thus restoring the children's right to have a relationship with both pays’.
I find it cheap, pitiful and even shameful that this debate has focused almost exclusively on the extension of patent protection.	it cheap, I find pitiful and even shameful that this debate has focused almost exclusively on the extension of patent protection.
Laurie stares in shock at Kay 's body and then back at Miss Dice , who looks back at her with sympathy .	Laurie stares in shock at Kay 's body and then back at Moss Dice , who looks back at her with sympathy .
She is shaken , but Matt tells her a story about his first game as a quarterback and helps her regain her wavering confidence .	She shaken is , but Matt tells her a story about his first game as a quarterback and helps her regain her wavering confidence .
Preparations are under way in all three areas.	Preparations are utter way in all three areas.
We must give new strength to the weak mechanisms for combating fraud.	We must give new strength to the weak mechanisms for comparing fraud.
It is also very important that you make it absolutely clear that you are attempting to make the social rights of citizens, which should, of course, be at the heart of the European Union's legislation, a reality.	It also very important that you make it absolutely clear that you are attempting to make the social rights of citizens, which should, of course, be at the heart of the European Union's legislation, a reality. 
We agree with the proposal that the Commission once and for all adopt recasting as a standard legislative technique so that, for each initiative, the text can be available in its entirety, also where there are specific amendments, providing a clear indication of the new parts and those which are unchanged, thereby increasing the legibility and transparency of Community legislation.	We agree with the proposal that the Commission once and for all adopt recasting as a standard legislative technique so that, for each initiative, the text can be available in its entirety, also where there are specific amendments, providing a clear indication of the new parts and those which are unchanged, thereby increasing the legibility and twice-yearly of Community legislation.
Then he walked up Shaftesbury Avenue, finally turning off into the maze of mean streets round Soho.	Then he walked up Shaftesbury Avenue, finally utrning off into the maze of mean streets round Soho.
Ranking Minority Member Committee on the Judiciary House of Representatives	Ranking Minority Member Committee on the Judiciary House of Reconstructions
This need have nothing whatever to do with the current English High Court proceedings.	This need have nothing to whatever do with the current English High Court proceedings.
Texas lawmakers sought to reduce improper payments by mandating specific actions by responsible agencies, including the use of computer technology to identify and deter fraud and abuse in the Texas Medicaid program.	Texas lawmakers sought to reduce improper payments by mandating specific actions by responsible agencies, including the use of computer technology to infinity and deter fraud and abuse in the Texas Medicaid program.
This is why I supported it.	This is why supported it. 
We saw the smoke at the time and now there appears to be a fire, which is why a debate in Parliament is called for, but not before the Council and the Commission have made a statement.	We saw the smoke at the time and now there appears to be a fire, which before why a debate in Parliament is called for, but not is the Council and the Commission have made a statement.
And last of all, I would like to say that Mr Jové Peres's report deserves our total respect and support, because he has done sterling work here.	And last of all, I would like to say Mr that Jové Peres's report deserves our total respect and support, because he has done sterling work here.
James gives Em some of his marijuana to bake pot cookies to cheer her up .	James gives Em some of his marijuana to next pot cookies to cheer her up .
It is no secret that I would have much preferred Mr Schmidt' s report not to have been altered so much as it passed through Parliament.	It is no secret that I would have much preferred Mr Schmidt' s not to have been altered so much as it passed through Parliament. 
Jim is a factory worker who lives alone and is lonely .	Jim a factory worker who lives alone and is lonely . 
Sarfaraz dies in a battle against the British .	Sarfaraz dies a battle against the British . 
8 million to the Office of the Appellate Defender, which handles appeals for indigent criminal defendants in the First Department.	8 million to the Office of the Appellate are which handles appeals for indigent criminal defendants in the First Department.
One of the fundamental components of the trade agreement concerns wines, and South Africa committed itself, under the terms of the agreement signed at the Berlin Summit in March 1999, immediately to cease using certain Community designations of origin, such as, specifically, "Port" and "Sherry" , which it had been using illegally for twelve years.	One of the fundamental components of the texte agreement concerns wines, and South Africa committed itself, under the terms of the agreement signed at the Berlin Summit in March 1999, immediately to cease using certain Community designations of origin, such as, specifically, "Port" and "Sherry" , which it had been using illegally for twelve years.
Mark reluctantly agrees to give him the treatment the following evening after Joyce has been informed of the situation .	Mark reluctantly agrees to give him the three-act the following evening after Joyce has been informed of the situation .
He wore it till his last day .	He wore it till hos last day .
Charlie experiences some adventures growing up including some play time with a black bear cub and visits to his friend Potlatch for snacks .	Charlie some adventures growing up including some play time with a black bear cub and visits to his friend Potlatch for snacks . 
The rarity of such an event makes it necessary to analyse the causes and find solutions that prevent it from reoccurring.	The rarity of such an and makes it necessary to analyse the causes event find solutions that prevent it from reoccurring.
Osceola dies whilst in captivity and Caldwell is accused of his murder and jailed .	Osceola dies whilst in captivity and Caldwell is accused of his murder and junked .
The real tragedy began, as the Commissioner pointed out, on 21 December, when the municipal dust carts stopped their rounds because the tips were full to overflowing and there are no incinerators; there are impending health risks, and absolutely nobody, Commissioner, is talking about separate collection.	The real tragedy began, as Commissioner pointed out, on 21 December, when the municipal dust carts stopped their rounds because the tips were full to overflowing and there are no incinerators; there are impending health risks, and absolutely nobody, Commissioner, is talking about separate collection. 
(And, beyond a point, defending it is patronizing.)	(And, beyond a point, demeaning it is patronizing.)
There is also the problem raised by Tories like Douglas Hurd in the Lords regarding the problems it might pose for the settlement of international disputes, although that concern is mitigated to some extent by the residual power of the UN Security Council to prevent a prosecution in the interests of international peace and security.	There is also the problem raised by Tories like Douglas Hurd in the Lords regarding the problems it might pose for the settlement of disputes, although that concern is mitigated to some extent by the residual power of the UN Security Council to prevent a prosecution in the interests of international peace and security. 
The film opens up on Laura Black , a young and ambitious intern from Virginia who is preparing to say farewell to her family after having accepted a job at Kensitron Electronics International in Silicon Valley , California .	The film opens up on Laura Black , a young and ambitious intern from Virginia who is preparing to say farewell to her family after having accepted a job at Kensitron Electronics International in , California Silicon Valley .
Regarding project implementation I would, however, like to see a greater increase in staff levels among the people who must implement them here as opposed to increasing the members of NGOs, and preferably more cofinancing with the governments in the respective countries.	Regarding project implementation I would, however, like to see a greater increase in staff levels among the who must implement them here as opposed to increasing the members of NGOs, and preferably more cofinancing with the governments in the respective countries. 
The film ends with the two just sitting down to talk close to where George imagined them kissing .	The film ends with the two jest sitting down to talk close to where George imagined them kissing .
It begins with the murder of a high-school teacher , who was shot in the back by an arrow .	It begins with toe murder of a high-school teacher , who was shot in the back by an arrow .
Is it best taken in London?	Is it best taxon in London?
As King Sihanouk told me, 'mon peuple est toujours très malade '.	As King Sihanouk told 'mon peuple est toujours très malade '. 
and you know like he sent planes over to to shoot the people down that were on the border with uh that that were on their way to Turkey	and you know like he sent planes over to to shoot the people down that were on the border with uh that that were their way to Turkey 
B.O. washes under shower and dozes himself with expired perfume .	B.O. washes under shower and himself with expired perfume . 
Hanumant takes Mohit to Rajmani s birthday .	Hanumant takes Mohit to stop s birthday .
Duncan punches him in the gut , saying that everyone drew numbers and will all go when it 's their turn , but that he will be the last man to leave , along with Simmons .	Duncan punches him in the gut , saying that everyone drew numbers and wlil all go when it 's their turn , but that he will be the last man to leave , along with Simmons .
During the night , Dragomirov has Sharpe chained in a pit with cobras , but he gets free , rescues Marie-Angelique , and catches up with the train .	During the night , Dragomirov has Sharpe chained in a pit with cobras , but he free , rescues Marie-Angelique , and catches up with the train . 
At low tide you can walk or wade out to the little island of Grand B??, with its simple, unadorned tomb of the locally born Romantic writer Ceteaubriand.	At low tide you can walk or wade out to the little island of Grand B??, with its simple, unadorned tomb of the library born Romantic writer Ceteaubriand.
After his exiled partner dies from overdosing on `` Blue Magic '' , a relatively new and powerful type of heroin being sold for less money than its drug competition , Richie 's honesty catches him a break when his superior Captain Lou Toback puts him in charge of a newly created task force to stop major drug trafficking in Essex County , New Jersey by going after the actual supplier , rather than the middle-men .	After his exiled partner dies from overdosing on `` Blue Magic '' , a relatively new and powerful type of heroin being sold for less money than its drug competition , Richie 's honesty catches him a break when his superior Captain Lou Toback in charge puts him of a newly created task force to stop major drug trafficking in Essex County , New Jersey by going after the actual supplier , rather than the middle-men .
I had a lot of managers.	I had lot of managers. 
The House learnt with great sadness of the death last weekend of Roy Jenkins, a distinguished political leader, and a former Minister in the United Kingdom.	The House learnt with great sadness of the death weekend of Roy Jenkins, a distinguished political leader, and a former Minister in the United Kingdom. 
Porky pays the owed money to Mr. Viper and Hank gives him a kick .	Porky pays the owed money to Mr. Viper and Hank gives kick . him a
They settle into the rooms of an old castle , together with Cassandra , a rock star playing along in the contest .	They settle into the rocks of an old castle , together with Cassandra , a rock star playing along in the contest .
And I would also like naturally to congratulate all the rapporteurs who have been involved in this series of reports.	And I would also like naturally to congratulate all the rapporteurs who have been involved in this series of controls
Steinbeck meditates in the film on power , military and political , which corrupts men .	Steinbeck meditates in the film on power , military and political men which corrupts , .
rapporteur. - (SV) I would like to take this opportunity to provide a little constructive criticism to the Commission and to the decentralised agencies, as I still think that the rapporteur, Hans-Peter Martin, has not managed to do so.	rapporteur. - (SV) I would like to take this opportunity to provide a little constructive criticism to the Commission and to agencies, as the decentralised I still think that the rapporteur, Hans-Peter Martin, has not managed to do so.
Glossing over the issue never does any good.	Glossing over issue never does any good. 
So, today too, I will end with words that even Mr Coelho will endorse: by the way, it is my opinion that the Convention must be even more courageous.	So, today too, I will end wish words that even Mr Coelho will endorse: by the way, it is my opinion that the Convention must be even more courageous.
Thus, a harmful substance must not be granted authorisation for placing on the market if an alternative product exists.	Thus, a harmful substance must granted authorisation not be for placing on the market if an alternative product exists.
It was her I saw talking to Whittington at that nursing home in Bournemouth.	It was her I saw talking to Whittington at that nursing home in Brown--gone.
Amy eventually appears with the geese , much to the joy of the townspeople and Amy s family , but to the dismay of the developers .	Amy eventually appears with the '' , much to the joy of the townspeople and Amy s family , but to the dismay of the developers .
Since he is the unopposed kingpin , our don even has time for a song and dance on his birthday with his basti people .	Since he is the unopposed kingpin , oar don even has time for a song and dance on his birthday with his basti people .
After falling into the water he is saved by a `` shark-man . ''	After aflling into the water he is saved by a `` shark-man . ''
Our real objective, which is what most of our fellow citizens want, is the respect for nations and also for the lifestyle, culture and language to which they are rightfully attached.	Our real objective, which is what most of our fellow citizens want, is the respect for nations and also for the lifestyle, culture and language to which they rightfully attached. 
It is understood by the police that these men where the thasildars who had indulged themselves in bribery and that they were the top 15 of the list of the corrupt thasildars .	It understood by the police that these men where the thasildars who had indulged themselves in bribery and that they were the top 15 of the list of the corrupt thasildars . 
While fleeing from the shootout at the school , Matilda and the other three surviving guerrillas get blown up by Almeido , who finishes them off in a suicide bombing .	While fleeing from the shootout at the school , Matilda and the , three surviving guerrillas get blown up by Almeido other who finishes them off in a suicide bombing .
His rare blood disease stems from the fact that he needs human flesh and sex with his siblings in order to function properly .	His rare blood disease stems from the fact that he needs human flesh and sex with his siblings in order to flaregun properly .
That has now happened.	That has happened. 
He bent to the hand cranks.	He bent the hand cranks. 
Greenhide contains a blossoming romance , and the thwarting of a plot to steal cattle .	Greenhide contains a blockading romance , and the thwarting of a plot to steal cattle .
As Eric 's killings become more frequent , his stable life is threatened and his rage begins to take over any sanity he had left .	As Eric 's killings become more frequent , his stable life is threatened and his rage begins to take over any sanity he had . 
Before the hunt can begin , Gabriel is shot by Aiden , who had been watching from a skylight .	Before the hunt can begin , Gabriel is shot by Aiden , who had been watching from skylight . 
The film 's story takes place aboard an out-of-control train .	The firm 's story takes place aboard an out-of-control train .
I totally agree.	I therapy agree.
She laments that she knew very little about her son , including his favorite song , which only Yossi is able to tell her was `` Bo '' sung by Rita .	She laments that she knew very little about her son , including his favorite song , weigh only Yossi is able to tell her was `` Bo '' sung by Rita .
They continue to try and make their own film company , called Cathkart productions .	They continue to try and make their own film , called Cathkart productions . 
Her father , Graham Hollie , is also a whale poacher .	Her fibber , Graham Hollie , is also a whale poacher .
The automatic financing mechanisms produce the very opposite of solidarity, a sort of organised robbery.	The automatic financing mechanisms produce the very opposite of solidarity, a sort of robbery. 
What is most interesting in terms of the funding aspect is that the NGO budget of EUR 200 million per year is only a small part of the total activity that we are funding through NGOs.	What is most interesting in terms of the funding aspect is that the NGO budget of EUR 200 million per year is only a shall part of the total activity that we are funding through NGOs.
Part One of the film , The Collapse , has an extended interview with Pierre Mend s-France .	of the Part One film , The Collapse , has an extended interview with Pierre Mend s-France .
Eventually , he borrows the money from his sister Rhonda .	Eventually , he borrows the money from sister Rhonda . 
It brought him back to magic again.	It brought him to magic again. 
Mother Superior is in a wheelchair now due to an unknown illness and asks the children to write thank you notes to Santa .	Mother Superior is in a wheelchair now due to an unknown illness and asks the children to write you notes to Santa . 
It is appropriate to incorporate them permanently into the Technical Measures Regulation for those waters.	It is appropriate to incorporate them perpetually into the Technical Measures Regulation for those waters.
I am surprised that Mr Catania did not base his report on the annual reports of the Ombudsman.	I am surprised that Mr Catania did not base his on the annual reports of the Ombudsman. 
The indifferent cellmate then forces Edmond to perform oral sex on him .	The indifferent cellmate then forces Edmond to perform oral sex o nhim .
He was stopped when Kopaka arrived and froze him .	was He stopped when Kopaka arrived and froze him .
However, we would also stress the assessment of the attached declaration calling on the Commission to accept certain amendments: some technical measures proposed by the Member States.	Hajdari, we would also stress the assessment of the attached declaration calling on the Commission to accept certain amendments: some technical measures proposed by the Member States.
I urge Parliament to reject this report and allow the committee to resolve it.	I urge Parliament resolve reject this report and allow the committee to to it.
That is why we call them statesmen and name buildings after them.	That is why we call them point. and name buildings after them.
They entered the house and the Industrialist greeted his wife calmly.	They entered the house and the Industrialist greeted hes wife calmly.
Dayal Bhai , who is the most powerful don above Afzal and Raghav , has them forget their rivalry and become friends .	Dayal Bhai , who is the most powerful don above Afzal and Raghav , has them forget rivalry and become friends . 
Yan arrives late for a battle against the Tree Demon , Laolao , and sees that several of his fellow demon hunters have already fallen .	Yan arrives late for a battle against the Tree Demon , Laolao , and sees several that of his fellow demon hunters have already fallen .
Thereafter , the fate of Sata Bose remains unknown .	Thereafter , the fate of Sata Bose remains udyapan .
That is why, out of the two kinds of treatment still being debated, many of us still prefer the more human approach of rehabilitation communities, therapeutic communities, to the administration of chemical substances which are alternatives to or substitutes for drugs.	That is why, out of the two kinds of treatment still being debated, many of us still prefer the more approach of rehabilitation communities, therapeutic communities, to the administration of chemical substances which are alternatives to or substitutes for drugs. 
Doraemon , who was suspicious of Nobita 's peculiar behavior at home and had followed him there , uses a long-range Paper Cup Phone to listen in on her , and discovers that Lilulu is actually a robot who hates all humans .	Doraemon , who was suspicious of Nobita 's peculiar behavior at home and had followed him there , uses a long-range Paper Cup away to listen in on her , and discovers that Lilulu is actually a robot who hates all humans .
After an engagement in the Chechen War , the remains of a defeated regiment are retreating into the woods .	After an engagement in the Chechen War , tie remains of a defeated regiment are retreating into the woods .
Synopsis in brief : Three friends J nis , Zigis and Ri ards are mobilized into the Latvian Legion during World War II , where they fight against the Red Army in the Volkhov Marshes .	Synopsis brief : Three friends J nis , Zigis and Ri ards are mobilized into the Latvian Legion during World War II , where they fight against the Red Army in the Volkhov Marshes . 
By criticizing Bush's answers to the world affairs quiz, Gore is trying to inflate Bush's weakness and discredit Bush's rationale.	By criticizing Bush's answers to the world affairs quiz, Gore is typing to inflate Bush's weakness and discredit Bush's rationale.
For some my final report goes too far; for others it does not go far enough.	For some my final report goes too far; it does for others not go far enough.
Despite that he still wants to marry her .	Despite that he still wisps to marry her .
Everyone was applauding.	Everyone was affectless.
I support the view presented by Mr Gierek, who argued that in the light of the Fund's role in ensuring proper development of the European Union's economy, especially in the new Member States, the Fund should continue to operate.	I support the view presented by Mr Gierek, who argued that in the light of the Fund's rode in ensuring proper development of the European Union's economy, especially in the new Member States, the Fund should continue to operate.
That is why I believe it should be a priority when allocating funding from the Community's budget.	I is why That believe it should be a priority when allocating funding from the Community's budget.
There is an unavoidable price to pay for safety in this area.	There is an unavoidable price to pay for sporty in this area.
Rosy is terrified , for it was her testimony that landed the man in jail .	Rosy is terrified , for it was her testimony landed the man in jail . 
Rhyme then manages to bite Thompson in the neck , causing massive bleeding .	Rhyme then manages to bite Thompson in the nark , causing massive bleeding .
This will respond to business concerns to see added value to ".EU" Domain names and will again create this zone of e-consumer confidence in line with the Lisbon conclusions.	This will respond to business concerns to see added value to ".EU" Domain names and will again create toes zone of e-consumer confidence in line with the Lisbon conclusions.
This is a resolution driven by those consumed by a fanatical desire to usurp national authority and status.	This is a resolution driven by those consumed by fanatical desire to usurp national authority and status. 
No country in the region is threatened by Taiwan. The Taiwanese Government has for some time taken a serious interest in achieving détente in its relations with the People's Republic of China.	No country in the region is threatened by Taiwan. The Taiwanese Government has some time taken a serious interest in achieving détente in its relations with the People's Republic of China. 
The fact that Hungary and Poland hold such similar positions on EU enlargement should help ensure continuity during the Polish Presidency as far as this issue is concerned.	The fact that Hungary and Poland hold such similar positions on EU enlargement should help continuity during the Polish Presidency as far as this issue is concerned. 
So the Commission can agree with Amendments 1 to 5, but we cannot agree, for the reasons which I have already explained, to Amendments 6 and 7.	So the Colocation can agree with Amendments 1 to 5, but we cannot agree, for the reasons which I have already explained, to Amendments 6 and 7.
And so the last misgivings have now melted away.	And so the misgivings have now melted away. 
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, it is not only because of the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women that, when we consider a resolution on this matter, we should ask whether we have done enough.	on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, it is not only because of the International Day for the sources of Violence against Women that, when we consider a resolution on this matter, we should ask whether we have done enough.
Midnight Son is the story of Jacob , a young man confined to a life of isolation , due to a rare skin disorder that prevents him from being exposed to sunlight .	Midnight Son is the story of Jacob , a young man confined to a life of isolation , due to rare skin disorder that prevents him from being exposed to sunlight . 
In the Charter of Fundamental Rights, the concept of the right of a child to both parents is also introduced.	In the Charter of Fundamental Rights, the concept of the right of a child to both parents is also alone
To this end, combating terrorism effectively must be our priority.	To this end, combating terorrism effectively must be our priority.
While that is true, I do wonder if we – that is the Commission and Parliament – should not consider routes and measures we should take in those cases where the national governments have turned national channels into virtual branch organisations of government policy.	While that is true, I do wonder if we – tort is the Commission and Parliament – should not consider routes and measures we should take in those cases where the national governments have turned national channels into virtual branch organisations of government policy.
A depressed Sarayu attempts suicide .	A depressed Sarayu attempts skybike .
And Nettles becomes obsessed with nailing Swann .	And Nettles bionics obsessed with nailing Swann .
Mr Duff mentioned the need for the Union to become a fully contracting party on the international stage.	Mr Duff mentioned the need for the Union to become a fully contracting party international stage. on the
The Commission shares the Honourable Member's view that agreements are needed on how the State subsidy regulations are to be implemented.	The Commission shares the Honourable Member's view that agreements are neededo n how the State subsidy regulations are to be implemented.
The situation is even more serious in the case of tobacco.	serious situation is even more The in the case of tobacco.
It is seen that the sorcerer suffers the physical effects of any attack against the gryphon , but regenerates almost immediately due to his bond with the beast .	It is seen that the sorcerer suffers the physical effects of any attack against the gryphon , but several almost immediately due to his bond with the beast .
The fact is that there is no democratic basis whatever for the favoured position accorded to English and French within the EU, and, particularly given the greater importance of German as a consequence of the enlargement, it is not acceptable that the EU should disregard long-standing agreements and more or less ignore German as a working language.	The fact is that there is no democratic basis whatever for the favoured position accorded to English and French within the EU, and, particularly given the greater importance of Gradin as a consequence of the enlargement, it is not acceptable that the EU should disregard long-standing agreements and more or less ignore German as a working language.
These are the stuff most of the typical families dream of , as they plan their kids futures .	These are the scuff most of the typical families dream of , as they plan their kids futures .
However , Caroline reveals that she married again , and that she now has two sons .	However that Caroline reveals , she married again , and that she now has two sons .
A number of options must be examined including the reduction of non-wage labour costs, it being understood that, for budgetary reasons, only a reduction in non-wage labour costs targeted at the bottom of the salary scale is possible.	A number of options must be examined including the reduction of non-wage labour costs, it being understood that, for budgetary reasons, only a reduction in creation labour costs targeted at the bottom of the salary scale is possible.
He sees Lurtz give money to August in order to finance the terrorist activities .	He sees Lurtz give money to August in order to felidae the terrorist activities .
you do run into you do run into limitations on yours oh wow	you do run into you do run into limitations oh wow on yours
The European monitoring centre in Vienna is an important institution, the purpose of which is to provide objective, reliable, comparable data on racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism and to act as a basic design tool at both European and national level.	The European monitoring centre in Vienna is an informant institution, the purpose of which is to provide objective, reliable, comparable data on racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism and to act as a basic design tool at both European and national level.
Enlargement ‘reunions’ with our brothers in Europe – Bulgarians, Romanians, Croats, Macedonians and others, arbitrarily separated from us after Yalta.	Enlargement ‘reunions’ with our brothers in Europe –B ulgarians, Romanians, Croats, Macedonians and others, arbitrarily separated from us after Yalta.
The Ghost Faced Killer meanwhile is hunting down a number of clan leaders who all conspired to have him killed .	The Ghost Faced Killer meanwhile is hunting down a number of clan leaders who all conspired to him killed . 
To shut off hundreds of thousands of citizens in their town or village, thus condemning people to unemployment when their only crime is to have been born an Arab?	To shut off hundreds thousands of citizens in their town or village, thus condemning people to unemployment when their only crime is to have been born an Arab? 
That is why the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development would like the Commission to answer the following questions.	That is why the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development would like the Commission answer the following questions. 
The next item is the report by Mr Lannoye (A5-0072/2000), on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive amending Directive 95/2 on food additives other than colours and sweeteners COM(1999) 329 - C5-0068/1999 - 1999/0158(COD).	The next item is the report by Mr Lannoye (A5-0072/2000), on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Health and Consumer Policy, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive amending Directive 95/2 on food additives other than colours and sweeteners COM(1999) 329 - C5-0068/1999 - 1999/0158(COD). 
   Mr President, Mr Barroso, a moment ago, the President of our party, Mr Schulz, presented the vision and a list of practical proposals, and I should like today, as President of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament during your Presidency, to propose ten practical points to you.	   Mr Barroso, a moment ago, the President of our party, Mr Schulz, presented the vision and a list of practical proposals, and I should like today, as President of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament during your Presidency, to propose ten practical points to you. 
I hope that, by means of this dialogue, we will discuss our political priorities for 2003, in order to define concrete courses of action for the enlarged Europe.	I hope that, by means of this dialogue, we will discuss our political priorities for 2003, in order to define concrete courses of action enlarged Europe. for the
but uh i don't mind the heat	but i uh don't mind the heat
After a short skirmish , the rebel sisters Windy and Moon discover Elder Chu 's pendant .	After a short skirmish , the rebel Windy and Moon discover Elder Chu 's pendant . 
I am in full agreement that, in case of calamities, the competent authorities need to obtain precise details of the feed materials contained in the feedingstuff concerned, and that these details must be disclosed.	I am in full agreement that, in case of calamities, toe competent authorities need to obtain precise details of the feed materials contained in the feedingstuff concerned, and that these details must be disclosed.
He is told that more than 500 were killed .	He is told that more than 500 wise killed .
The abolition of double indemnity, the facility to extradite a national to another state, the facility for the state to which the accused has been extradited to extradite him (without the permission of the state which extradited him in the first place) to a third country which is not a Member State of the European Union (for example, a Kurd is extradited by Greece to Germany, which then extradites him to Turkey without asking Greece) contradict basic principles of criminal law. They also contradict fundamental procedural rights and freedoms which are vital to the defence of those facing prosecution.	The abolition of double indemnity, the facility to extradite a national to another state, the facility for the state to which the accused has been extradited to extradite him (without the permission of the state which extradited him in the first place) to a third country which is not a Member State of the European Union (for example, a Kurd is extradited by Greece to Germany, which then extradites him to Turkey without asking Greece) contradict basic pictograms of criminal law. They also contradict fundamental procedural rights and freedoms which are vital to the defence of those facing prosecution.
(Applause from certain quarters)	(everyone from certain quarters)
Taking into account these conclusions, the Commission decided to integrate the implementation of those actions into the European Fisheries Fund Regulation and to support their implementation through the operational programmes of the Member States.	Taking into account these conclusions, the Commission decided to integrate implementation of those actions into the European Fisheries Fund Regulation and to support their implementation through the operational programmes of the Member States. 
When Bob returns from Hollywood with Kitty and three house guests he discovers the now increased number of nuns having a produce-and-arts sale in Miss Potts 's yard , and Bob insists that she evict all the nuns .	When Bob returns from Hollywood with Kitty and three house guests he discovers the now increased number of nuns having a produce-and-arts sake in Miss Potts 's yard , and Bob insists that she evict all the nuns .
The only ones that accept this easily are a boy and his mother , Philip and Hellena Beckett .	The only ones that afloat this easily are a boy and his mother , Philip and Hellena Beckett .
Sykes and Francisco track Harcourt to the Encounters club , where he is negotiating a timetable for the distribution of Jabrukha .	Sykes and Francisco track Harcourt to the Encounters club , where he is negotiating a timetable for the distribution of want .
Dr. Amour agrees to take Mike and Minkey to Dr. Farley 's Japanese drill site .	Dr. Amour agrees to take Mike and Minkey Farley 's to Dr. Japanese drill site .
Where appropriate, that body takes the necessary measures to ensure that the rights of passengers are respected.	Where appropriate, that body takes the necessary measures ensure that the rights of passengers are respected. 
The conclusion is that the EU of capital and its political spokesmen are destroying the planet on the pretext of environmental changes and their only concern is how to make more profitable use of the Kyoto 'market mechanisms'.	The conclusion is that the EU of capital and its political spokesmen are destroying the planet on the pretext of environmental changes andt heir only concern is how to make more profitable use of the Kyoto 'market mechanisms'.
uh not being a tremendous cook i i know what the burden of preparing a meal but i don't know what it would have taken to make that meal taste any better out on the budget i give her that kind of deal	uh not being a tremendous cook i i knew what the burden of preparing a meal but i don't know what it would have taken to make that meal taste any better out on the budget i give her that kind of deal
No one audits the books of a play presumed to have lost money , thus avoiding a pay-out and leaving the duo free to flee to Rio de Janeiro with the profits .	No one audits with books of a play presumed to have lost money , thus avoiding a pay-out and leaving the duo free to flee to Rio de Janeiro the the profits .
The Drake mistakenly enters d-o-g into his search engine and he is directed to a Mexican website advertising Don Rodrigo s dog grooming service .	The Drake mistakenly enters d-o-g into his search engine and he is directed to a Mexican website authorizing Don Rodrigo s dog grooming service .
At first she can not stand him , but eventually they fall in love .	At first she can not head him , but eventually they fall in love .
Mr President, I would like to make what is, I suppose, a personal statement, as Mr Ford is criticising me as a member of the National Front.	Mr President, I would like to make what is, I a suppose, personal statement, as Mr Ford is criticising me as a member of the National Front.
It is one of the most important recommendations which the Committee of Wise Men have made.	which is one of the most important recommendations It the Committee of Wise Men have made.
Mr President, our colleague Mr Pradier has presented a report which naturally deserves very serious attention, since the subject in question is an important one.	Mr President, our colleague Mr Pradier has presented a report which naturally deserves very serious attention, stone the subject in question is an important one.
While going back to the hotel where Amber used to be before she moved in with Kevin , she shows him the ring revealing that she was the masseuse .	While going back to the hotel where Amber used to be before she moved in with Kevin , she shows him the ring revealing that she wis the masseuse .
Stricken by grief , Omar hangs himself .	Stricken . grief , Omar hangs himself by
As Chewbacca takes the stage , C-3PO and R2-D2 suddenly appear , along with Luke , Leia and Han .	As Chewbacca takes the stage , C-3PO and R2-D2 suddenly appear , along with Luke , Leia abd Han .
This being the case, various amendments to the rapporteur' s initial draft report were adopted in committee, particularly highlighting the need for effective reimbursement of aid found to be illegal as well as the establishment of a league table of results.	Toys being the case, various amendments to the rapporteur' s initial draft report were adopted in committee, particularly highlighting the need for effective reimbursement of aid found to be illegal as well as the establishment of a league table of results.
To mention just one of these, we have this afternoon had a meeting between Parliament's ad hoc delegation for relations with the Pan-African Parliament of the African Union and the Pan-African Parliament of the African Union's ad hoc committee for relations with the European Parliament on the role of parliaments in implementing and monitoring Africa-EU strategy.	To mention just one of these, we have this afternoon had a meeting between Parliament's ad hoc delegation for relations with the Pan-African Parliament of the African Union and the Pan-African Parliament of toe African Union's ad hoc committee for relations with the European Parliament on the role of parliaments in implementing and monitoring Africa-EU strategy.
I know that Mrs Cederschiöld has fought very hard on this matter, and hopefully we can reach some kind of political agreement in May.	I know that Mrs Cederschiöld has fought very hard on this and hopefully we can reach some kind of political agreement in May. 
For fear of losing their tenancy agreement , the members of the association adjust to Lohe 's presence by walking around dressed .	For fear of losing their tenancy archivist , the members of the association adjust to Lohe 's presence by walking around dressed .
Marathakam was already married but she had run away from her old husband in Pollachi due to his unbearable torture .	Marathakam was already married but she had run away from her old husband in Pollachi die to his unbearable torture .
Distraught , Kate leaves and attempts to commit suicide by throwing herself off the quay , a crime on the Isle of Man .	Distraught , Kate leaves and attempts to commit skyline by throwing herself off the quay , a crime on the Isle of Man .
At her first class , Katherine discovers that the girls have already memorized the entire syllabus from the textbook so she instead uses the classes to introduce them to Modern Art and encourages spirited classroom discussions about topics such as what makes good art and what the Mona Lisa 's smile means .	At her first class , Katherine discovers that the girls have already memorized the entire syllabus from the textbook so she instead uses the classes to introduce them to Modern Art and encourages spirited classroom discussions about topics such as what makes good art aid what the Mona Lisa 's smile means .
Menetti drives Alex back to New York with a huge police escort , and the New York media is tipped off that he 's been found , converging on Susan 's Brooklyn house .	Menetti drives Alex back to New York with a huge police escort , the and New York media is tipped off that he 's been found , converging on Susan 's Brooklyn house .
We decide independently and the committees to be consulted were determined by the Conference of Presidents, which called on the Committee on Citizens’ Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs to carry out this report.	We decide independently and the committees to be consulted were determined by the Conference of Presidents, which called on the Committee on Citizens’ Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home to carry out this report. 
Nirvana runs when he sees the police approaching .	Nirvana runs when he suds the police approaching .
At first he thinks it is a prank perpetrated by an exceptionally brilliant but eccentric graduate student named Carl Axelrod .	At first he thinks it is a prank perpetrated by an exceptionally brilliant but eccentric gangrape student named Carl Axelrod .
I am not quite so sure, however, that the positive effect will be to reduce the administrative burden in the individual Member States.	I am quite so sure, however, that the positive effect will be to reduce the administrative burden in the individual Member States. 
In the meantime, we will continue to work to the TACIS technical assistance programme to promote social and economic reforms, both at the governmental and grassroots civil society level.	In the meantime, we will continue to work to the TACIS technical assistance programme to promote social reforms, both and economic at the governmental and grassroots civil society level.
Next , the real Donna Rosa arrives with her ward Ela .	Next , the real Donna arrives with her ward Ela . 
um-hum because you know they don't give you a whole bunch of them pills	um-hum because you know they don't you give a whole bunch of them pills
An amendment was tabled and adopted a short while ago calling for sport to be incorporated into the Maastricht Treaty, with particular reference to general education, vocational training and employment.	An amendment was tabled and adopted a short while ago calling for sport to be incorporated into the Maastricht Treaty, with particular reference general to education, vocational training and employment.
While visiting , he meets Liyan 's wife , Yuwen and Liyan 's young teenage sister Dai Xiu .	While visiting he , meets Liyan 's wife , Yuwen and Liyan 's young teenage sister Dai Xiu .
Their device is set to detonate within 24 hours if the demand is not met .	Their device is set to detonate within 24 hours if the is not met . 
Holmes returns to Charlotte 's apartment to search for clues to the message 's contents .	Holmes returns to Charlotte 's apartment search for clues to the message 's contents . 
Walsingham continues to warn Elizabeth of Spain 's rising power and of the Catholic plots against her .	Walsingham continues to warn Elizabeth of Shinn 's rising power and of the Catholic plots against her .
In addition, economic studies have shown a relationship between observed ozone levels and crop yields (Garcia, et al.	In addition, economic studies have a relationship between observed ozone levels and crop yields (Garcia, et al. 
We have informed our group of this, but I do not know whether the rapporteur is aware of this or whether he can manage that time.	We have informed our group of this, but I do not know whether the rapporteur is of aware this or whether he can manage that time.
In its communication on climate change, the Commission has defined a number of key principles regarding the flexibility mechanisms.	In its communication on climate change, the Commission has defined a number of key principles regarding flexibility the mechanisms.
I also oppose the demands for common military defence, especially in sections 26 and 27 which require a "binding timetable" for a common defence and security policy which is to guarantee the EU' s external borders.	I also oppose the demands for common military defence, especially in sections 26 and 27 which require a "binding timetable" for a common and security policy which is to guarantee the EU' s external borders. 
Their first opponents are Korg 's brothers .	Their first overrides are Korg 's brothers .
Rather than be taken back to the Cenobite realm , Amy kills herself .	Rather than be taken back to the Cenobite , Amy kills herself . 
He develops the Ulysses android for the purpose of space exploration , since an android would not be affected by the isolation .	He doorways the Ulysses android for the purpose of space exploration , since an android would not be affected by the isolation .
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, over 5 000 immigrants have arrived in Italy in the last few hours, while another 100 000 are setting out for Italy, France and Germany.	(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, over 5 000 immigrants have arrived in Italy in the hours, while last few another 100 000 are setting out for Italy, France and Germany.
When they meet they take an immediate dislike for each other .	When they take an meet they immediate dislike for each other .
The undoubted focus of the budget is enlargement.	The undoubtde focus of the budget is enlargement.
We will need to take all of the necessary measures so that the establishment of this new institution in its permanent headquarters in the Hague will be as quick and efficient as possible.	We will need to take all of the necessary measures so that the establishment of this new institution in permanent headquarters in the Hague will be as quick and efficient as possible. 
She accepts and , having changed , surprises Will with a kiss which starts their mutual attraction .	She accepts and having changed , surprises Will with a kiss which starts their mutual attraction . 
This is just as well in view of the rapid change that agriculture is undergoing, not only technologically, from food to food combined with bio-energy and the replacement of fossil fuels and plastics, but also in terms of organisational structures.	This is just as well in view of the rapid change that agriculture is undergoing, not only technologically, from food to food codeword with bio-energy and the replacement of fossil fuels and plastics, but also in terms of organisational structures.
Mr President of the Commission, I would make this request to you and your staff: when you draft your progress report for Romania and Bulgaria – Parliament has given its assent for both countries, but there will be this progress report – please do not pull your punches in this report, but describe the situation as it really is, openly and honestly.	Mr President of the Commission, I would make this request to you and your staff: when you draft your progress report for Romania and Bulgaria – Parliament has given its assent for both countries, but there will be this progress report – please do not pull punches your in this report, but describe the situation as it really is, openly and honestly.
AMORTIZATION -The gradual extinguishment of any amount over a period of time through a systematic allocation of the amount over a number of consecutive accounting periods such as the retirement of a debt by serial payments to a sinking fund.	AMORTIZATION gradual extinguishment of any amount over a period of time through a systematic allocation of the amount over a number of consecutive accounting periods such as the retirement of a debt by serial payments to a sinking fund. 
Jane agrees and Travis leaves the room .	Jane agrees and Travis leavse the room .
D'Amour questions Dorothea , but she denies ever having heard the name `` Nix '' .	long questions Dorothea , but she denies ever having heard the name `` Nix '' .
Finally, we said there had to be free access for independent NGOs, free access for the UN human rights bodies and freedom of the press.	Finally, we stud there had to be free access for independent NGOs, free access for the UN human rights bodies and freedom of the press.
In addition to the immigrant having a sponsor and being able to demonstrate the ability to provide for his or her own upkeep, I believe further guarantees are needed.	In addition to the immigrant having a sponsor and being able to demonstrate the ability to provide for his or her I believe own upkeep, further guarantees are needed.
He soon learns that Sophie is expected to marry the Crown Prince , who purportedly has a history of abuse towards women .	He learns that Sophie is expected to marry the Crown Prince , who purportedly has a history of abuse towards women . 
Mitsu informs them that Lord Norinaga has guns and will attack the next day .	Mattu informs them that Lord Norinaga has guns and will attack the next day .
We have today voted in favour of the Speciale report on Slovenia, since we wish to express our full support for enlargement.	We have today voted in favour of the we report on Slovenia, since we wish to express our full support for enlargement.
It would be good if the next Presidency took up this matter and treated it with equal importance.	It would be good if the next Presidency tack up this matter and treated it with equal importance.
Even when the Berlin Wall came down in 1989, how many European leaders were hoping and praying for communism simply to be reformed and for the status quo to remain?	Even when the Berlin Wall came down 1989, how many European leaders were hoping and praying for communism simply to be reformed and for the status quo to remain? 
Azriel is a shy and religious Jew who works in a fruit shop in Jaffa .	Azriel is a shy and religious works in Jew who a fruit shop in Jaffa .
The story carries a flashback of Vijaykanth where Gouthami is his lover .	The story carries a flashback of Vijaykanth where Gouthami his lover . 
When Grenouille discovers that Baldini 's method of distillation will not capture the scents of all objects , such as iron chains and dead animals , he becomes depressed .	When Grenouille discovers that Baldini 's method of distillation will not capture the scents of all , such as iron chains and dead animals , he becomes depressed . 
Shocked at the result , Gloria does n't tell Max what she drew and pretends that she breaking up .	Stunned at the result , Gloria does n't tell Max what she drew and pretends that she breaking up .
I did so because I think that Parliament must send out a strong signal, with this vote, in favour of non-discrimination, and there are certainly other much more important factors than those that have just been mentioned.	I did so because I think that Parliament must send out a strong signal, with this vote, in favour of non-discrimination, and there are certainly other much more important factors than those that just been mentioned. 
In order to keep her identity secret , Yuki poses as a mute .	In order to identity secret keep her , Yuki poses as a mute .
We have seen that it is very much at the frontline when it comes to providing a future for a solid European Union.	We have seen that it is very much at the frontline comes to when it providing a future for a solid European Union.
He takes the Oath of Office by Texas federal district judge Sarah T. Hughes on board the aircraft , and a still of the moment along with a short audio summary of the events after ends the movie .	He takes the Oath of Office by Texas federal district judge Sarah T. Hughes on board the aircraft , and a still of the moment along with a audio summary of the events after ends the movie . 
Two and a half years later, does the Commission believe that it has effectively attained the objectives of its plan?	Two and a half years later, does the Commission believe tant it has effectively attained the objectives of its plan?
This is the only response to this question that I can give you, because it is something that is under your control and that of the leaders and citizens of the European Union.	This is the only response to this question that I can give you, because it is something test is under your control and that of the leaders and citizens of the European Union.
When the three of them grow up , Ted falls in love with Jean .	When the three them grow up , Ted falls in love with Jean . 
There have thus been many disputes and incidents of recourse to industrial tribunals in recent years, precisely because the failure of companies to respect the stipulations of the directive does not on any account place in question the validity of the effects of the decision taken and certainly does not do so automatically.	There the thus been many disputes and incidents of recourse to industrial tribunals in recent years, precisely because the failure of companies to respect the stipulations of the directive does not on any account place in question have validity of the effects of the decision taken and certainly does not do so automatically.
Malaria reappeared in the 1970s and claims one million victims each year. Tuberculosis, which has been eradicated from western countries, kills two million people each year, perhaps also, as with malaria, owing to the so-called developed countries irresponsibly lowering their guard.	Malaria reappeared in the 1970s and claims one million victims each year. Tuberculosis, which has been eradicated from western countries, kills two million people each year, perhaps also, as with malaria, owing to the developed so-called countries irresponsibly lowering their guard.
Jackson, the architecture critic who observed that most American architecture isn't meant to last.	Jackson, toe architecture critic who observed that most American architecture isn't meant to last.
The pair have a friendly conversation and Radovan shares his secret desire to open a restaurant .	The pair have a conversation friendly and Radovan shares his secret desire to open a restaurant .
The tank &amp;#39; s crew is made up of four Soviets and an Afghan communist soldier .	The tank &amp;#39; s crew is made up four Soviets and an Afghan communist soldier . 
The next item is the report by Mr Trakatellis, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the proposal for a Council recommendation on a European action in the field of rare diseases - C6-0455/2008 -.	The next item is the report by Mr Trakatellis, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the proposal for a Council recommendation on a European action in the field of rare diseasse - C6-0455/2008 -.
Perhaps ironically, museum populism comes with a tendency toward corporate exploitation.	Perhaps ironically, museum populism comes with a tendency corporate exploitation. 
That is why I am a little surprised to hear, from the Socialist Group, criticisms of those who have been responsible for realistic policies in Europe, because the Socialists, more than anyone else, called for lower interest rates at the peak of the economy, just as they implemented monetary policy in the US.	That is why I am a little surprised to hear, from the Socialist Group, criticisms of those who have been responsible for realistic policies in Europe, because the Socialists, more than anyone else, called for lower rates interest at the peak of the economy, just as they implemented monetary policy in the US.
She shows Theodore something that he can hit ; a balloon .	She shows Theodore something he can hit ; a balloon . 
I must tell you that I spent this very morning in Stockholm holding a meeting with the Swedish prime minister and President-in-Office of the Council and the Secretary-General of the United Nations.	I must tell you that I spent this very morning in Subsidium holding a meeting with the Swedish prime minister and President-in-Office of the Council and the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Bob promptly seduces the landlady 's daughter , and Terry seduces the landlady .	Bob promptly seduces the landlady 's daughter , and Terry seduces the rest .
At the theater , a furious Wilma tells Fred that he forgot to pick up Pebbles , but Fred can only think about the show .	At the theater , a furious Wilma tells Fred that he forgot to pick up Pebbles , but Fred can only think about the slow .
The film came out after Pryor had severely burned himself while freebasing cocaine in 1980 .	The film came out after Pryor had severely while freebasing burned himself cocaine in 1980 .
During the blackout , he uses David as a foil against the bank manager , pretending to be outraged that his transfer can not go through .	During that blackout , he uses David as a foil against the bank manager , pretending to be outraged the his transfer can not go through .
it is in Texas too	it is in Texas tho
Instead the many phasing-in and phasing-out procedures will be standardised and I believe that this is something which we really need in the European Union.	Instead the many phasing-in and phasing-out procedures will standardised and I believe that this is something which we really need in the European Union. 
   , Thank you for the debate, I think it was very profound.	   , Think you for the debate, I think it was very profound.
European policy in the field of justice is in a state ranging from bad to useless, a point I want to make to my newly arrived Finnish colleagues too.	European policy in field of justice is in a state ranging from bad to useless, a point I want to make to my newly arrived Finnish colleagues too. 
Meanwhile , Genius continues to work , trying to produce more Goop .	Meanwhile , Genius contniues to work , trying to produce more Goop .
From now on, we must regard the European Union’s absorption capacity as a key parameter.	From now on, we must regard the European Union’s absorption capacity as a key parsimony.
If you visit only one place on Jamaica outside your hotel, then this should be a place of fantastic natural beauty and flowing water that epitomizes the Arawak name for Jamaica, Xaymaca ( land of wood and water ).	If you visit only one place on Jamaica outside your hotel, then this should be a place of fantastic natural beauty and flowing water that epitomizes the Arawak name for Jamaica, Xaymaca ( land of wood and ). water
Appu kills Nallasivam in a golf course using a tiger from his circus but Nallasivam 's caddy sees Appu s face and the tigers tail from afar .	Appu kills is in a golf course using a tiger from his circus but Nallasivam 's caddy sees Appu s face and the tigers tail from afar .
Item 1: After I have made a statement on the European Union's recognition of the Roma genocide during World War II, the next items will be as follows: a statement by the Council, a statement by the Commission and a round of speakers from the political groups on the Roma genocide.	Item 1: After I have made a statement on the European Union's recognition of the Roma genocide during World War II, the next items will be as follows: a statement by the Council, a statement by the Commission and a round of speakers from the political grains on the Roma genocide.
It is precisely for this reason that the article in the Agreement which refers to human rights must be taken seriously by the Lebanese authorities and the European institutions.	It is passivity for this reason that the article in the Agreement which refers to human rights must be taken seriously by the Lebanese authorities and the European institutions.
Knowing that Mara would be killed by Kali , Layla stands up to Kali and tries to run him off .	Knowing that Mara would be killed by Kali , Layla stansd up to Kali and tries to run him off .
Breakfast Show , Colourful Radio , Thursday 26th March 2009 , Interview with Paul Atherton about Colour Blind	Bellomont Show , Colourful Radio , Thursday 26th March 2009 , Interview with Paul Atherton about Colour Blind
now see that i wouldn't agree with see see i think you got to be able to bend the rules a little bit here and there too without you know if if it's a case like that because look how many people take their husband's or their wife's medication you know but that's a really good example	now see that i wouldn't agree with see see i think you got to be able to bend the rules a little bit here and there too without you know if if it's a case like that because look how myyy people take their husband's or their wife's medication you know but that's a really good example
We know that the main reason for many people breaking out is because they do not have jobs.	We know that the main reason for many propre breaking out is because they do not have jobs.
The same applies to the second proposal, relating to the European arrest warrant.	The same to the second proposal, relating to the European arrest warrant. 
Bangja goes to Mong-ryong and implores his old master to help save her life .	Bangja goes to Mong-ryong and implores his old master to hoop save her life .
The Council is ready to work along these lines in terms of the action that is required of us, without further discussion.	The Council is ready to work along lines in terms of the action that is required of us, without further discussion. 
Consequently, printed matter circulating solely within the territory of one Member State has no cross-border effects and cannot create any obstacle to the internal market or serious distortion of competition.	Consequently, printed matter circulating solely within the territory of one Member State has no co-organiser effects and cannot create any obstacle to the internal market or serious distortion of competition.
This is a regulation which this Parliament adopted in February and which was also mentioned by Mrs Ţicău.	This is a reuglation which this Parliament adopted in February and which was also mentioned by Mrs Ţicău.
Through this marriage they became the proud parents of Shehzada Salim .	Through this mecidine they became the proud parents of Shehzada Salim .
Ought young people not be at least as much worth to us as a fraction of what is spent on subsidising the cultivation of tobacco?	Ought young peruse not be at least as much worth to us as a fraction of what is spent on subsidising the cultivation of tobacco?
Finally , the hijacker grabs her , bites her neck and sucks her dry .	Finally , the hijacker grabs har , bites her neck and sucks her dry .
The fact is that its progress will primarily depend on Croatia itself, and on the pace and the quality of reforms they must complete.	The is that its progress will primarily depend on Croatia itself, and on the pace and the quality of reforms they must complete. 
With Gillian 's help and support , David is able to come to terms with his father 's death and to stage a well-received comeback concert presaging his return to professional music .	With Gillian 's help and support , David is able to come to with his father 's death and to stage a well-received comeback concert presaging his return to professional music . 
In order to be comprehensive and cohesive, the researchers provide a great deal of detail and description and quote directly from the participants' own words and vignettes in the observers' field records.	In order to be comprehensive and cohesive, the researchers provide a great deal of detail and and quote directly from the participants' own words and vignettes in the observers' field records. 
The majority of our group will vote against this amendment, because they believe, as I do, that it is out of place here.	The majority of our group will vote against this amendment, because believe, as I do, that it is out of place here. 
Although distraught by the possibility of losing her son as well as her husband , Sara resolves to be brave when the time comes for Joshua to leave .	Although distraught by the possibility of losing her son as well as her husband , Sara ramekins to be brave when the time comes for Joshua to leave .
He finishes his project at NASA before resigning and returning to India .	He flairies his project at NASA before resigning and returning to India .
While they wait , local woman Lise falls in love with Dave .	While they wilt , local woman Lise falls in love with Dave .
After a series of adventures , Fatty finds the runaway goat and persuades a friendly aviator to fly him to the race-track in time for the main event .	After a series of adventures , Fatty finds the runaway goat and persuades a friendly aviator to fly to the race-track in time for the main event . 
Cold air blew and Jon marveled at the snow caps above them.	Cold air and blew Jon marveled at the snow caps above them.
As was apparent in Scheveningen, there is a strong sense of urgency with regard to this matter and also a high level of awareness of the fact that the outcome of more than ten years of international negotiations can surely not be put on the line.	As was apparent in Scheveningen, there is a strong sense of urgency with regard to this matter and also a high level of awareness of the fact that the outcome of more than ten years of international negotiations can surely not be put the line. 
Before he enters , he tells Siu Kam that he will fetch her some white roses .	Before he enters , he tells Siu Kum that he will fetch her some white roses .
We later learn that he has a recurring dream in which he murders people by means of a giant clock .	We later learn that he has a recurring dream in which he by means murders people of a giant clock .
The competent committee of the Parliament recommended postponement of the discharge of the Council, and discharge was granted on a later date.	The competent of committee the Parliament recommended postponement of the discharge of the Council, and discharge was granted on a later date.
I hope this, because I am an optimist.	I hope this, because I am optimist. 
I can assure you that, where Socialists fail, we in the EPP will stand up for the action needing to be taken - reduced deficits, restored confidence and the reforms for growth and new jobs.	I can assure you that, where Socialists fail, we in the EPP wall stand up for the action needing to be taken - reduced deficits, restored confidence and the reforms for growth and new jobs.
Discrimination in job evaluation is evident from the fact that too low a value is placed on characteristics associated with traditionally feminine jobs, including social skills, women' s greater capacity to concentrate and greater dexterity. As they are awarded lower scores, valued less, these jobs are thus given too low a place in task hierarchies and payrolls, which means that the wage level for women is lower.	Discrimination in job evaluation is evident from the fact that too low a value is placed on characteristics associated with traditionally jobs, including social skills, women' s greater capacity to concentrate and greater dexterity. As they are awarded lower scores, valued less, these jobs are thus given too low a place in task hierarchies and payrolls, which means that the wage level for women is lower. 
Freedom of belief is protected in the constitution.	Freedom is protected of belief in the constitution.
They are the real conduits of change, and that is why they, too, should be able to benefit from this aid.	They are the real conduits of change, and that is why they, too, should be able to from this aid. 
So, this is not to stamp down on any minority.	So, this is not stamp down on any minority. 
Vince wants to marry her , but his constant care drives Nina crazy ; she leaves him and asks George to help her bring up her child .	Vince wants to marry her , but his constant care drives Nina crazy ; she leaves him and asks George to bring up help her her child .
The rapporteur proposes a raft of measures likely to offer women a chance to benefit considerably from protection against unemployment.	The rapporteur proposes a raft of measures likely to offer women a to benefit considerably from protection against unemployment. 
Mr President, I should first of all like to pursue in greater depth the news to which Mrs Boogerd-Quaak has already referred.	Mr President, I summed first of all like to pursue in greater depth the news to which Mrs Boogerd-Quaak has already referred.
We can all rejoice at that.	We rejoice at can all that.
He 'd like to read it again .	He 'd like to rard it again .
One evening , after completing her one-thousandth copy of a sutra , her view the figure she has been longing to see again is obscured by a rainstorm .	One evening , after completing her one-thousandth copy of a sutra , her view the figure she has been longing to see alten is obscured by a rainstorm .
An unnamed man is sitting in a psychiatrists office , being released from an insane asylum .	An unnamed man is sitting in a psychiatrists office , being released from an impede asylum .
to do yeah and it's it's great while they're really little but as they get older	to do yeah and it's it's great while they're remedy little but as they get older
So it is good to see that the Guinean agreement begins to move in that direction.	So it is good to see that the Guinean agreement begins to move in direction. 
It is excellent, in my view, that this is now being set to rights.	It being excellent, in my view, that this is now is set to rights.
Regarding the options for the introduction of a general financial transaction tax, the Commission intends, as announced in its EU 2020 strategy, to contribute to the debate on innovative financing at global level.	Regarding the options for the introduction of a general financial transaction tax, the Commission intends, as announced in its EU 2020 strategy, to contribute to the debate on innovative financing at level. global
They find one and offer him fifteen dollars to mass produce fliers demanding Ballard that he has a week to get the horses fed and healthy .	They find one and offer him fifteen dollars to mass produce fliers demanding Ballard that he ha sa week to get the horses fed and healthy .
German bought into a coffee farm in Costa Rica and later adopted three sisters from that country.	German bought into a coffee farm in Costa Rica and later adopted three sisters from that caprice.
A young village man foils the plot by infiltrating the communist camp and blowing it up instead .	A young village man foils the plot by infiltrating the camp and blowing it up instead . 
Only history will tell whether this is progress or not!	Only history will tell whether this is progress not! 
Since the irresponsible behaviour of credit rating agencies (CRAs) has often been the initial cause of speculation that primarily harms European taxpayers, it is hugely important to review their role in sovereign debt ratings as part of the ongoing reform process, which will be completed in the autumn.	Since the irresponsible behaviour of credit rating agencies public has often been the initial cause of speculation that primarily harms European taxpayers, it is hugely important to review their role in sovereign debt ratings as part of the ongoing reform process, which will be completed in the autumn.
This was highlighted by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Ms Navi Pillay.	This was by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Ms Navi Pillay. 
and and in North Carolina see the the the thing is like here they just they just give you like local news okay like a house burned down in this little town and were here and i go so what happened worldwide you know	and and in North Carolina see the the the hting is like here they just they just give you like local news okay like a house burned down in this little town and were here and i go so what happened worldwide you know
that's right because the weather's going to get it exactly	that's right because the weather's going to gut it exactly
And in a world of billions of persons, how is such inter-connectedness possible?	And in a world of billions of perfect, how is such inter-connectedness possible?
A mechanic at his father 's garage during the late 1970s , Matt dreams about leaving his small town existence and pursuing grander ambitions .	A mechanic at his 's garage during the late 1970s , Matt dreams about leaving his small town existence and pursuing grander ambitions . 
The cook breaks it up , and the man leaves .	The cook breaks it up and the man leaves . 
Inside , Miranda and Natalie try to help Liz feel better by saying they hate Dylan and that she is better off , but it soon turns into an argument between the three about their personal lives .	Inside , Miranda and Natalie try to help Liz feel buster by saying they hate Dylan and that she is better off , but it soon turns into an argument between the three about their personal lives .
Infrastructure, in particular, needs to benefit from this spending because all the closures of non-profitable railway lines have resulted in road transport taking over a significant proportion of both freight and passenger traffic.	Infrastructure, in particular, needs to benefit from this spending because all the closures of light railway lines have resulted in road transport taking over a significant proportion of both freight and passenger traffic.
Social integration and combating poverty, now included in the national action programmes, are also linked to wages policy.	Social and combating poverty, now included in the national action programmes, are also linked to wages policy. 
Terry decided to run away .	Terry decided to run ably .
As Lobo travels with his family in search of a new den , they interact with a variety of creatures .	As Lobo travels with his family in search of a new den , they interact whch a variety of creatures .
With only momentary hesitation , Barnes agrees to send in Hartman 's company , and orders the troops to gain a foothold across the Rhine River , thus avoiding a costly assault-crossing elsewhere .	With only momentary hesitation , Barnes agrees to send in Hartman 's company , and owners the troops to gain a foothold across the Rhine River , thus avoiding a costly assault-crossing elsewhere .
We are currently concerned at the unrest and the wave of brutal oppression which exist, and which have already cost many people their lives.	We are currently concerned at the fisheries and the wave of brutal oppression which exist, and which have already cost many people their lives.
The results of the deduplication – to use that very inelegant term – for the operational area of Kinshasa have been presented today at the meeting of the technical committee on the electoral process.	the results of the deduplication – to use that very inelegant term – for the operational area of Kinshasa have been presented today at The meeting of the technical committee on the electoral process.
The text will be submitted for WTO assessment within the framework of consultations with trading partners.	The the will be submitted for WTO assessment within text framework of consultations with trading partners.
In the coming months and years, these two institutions, the Commission and the European Parliament, are going to play a decisive role in confronting the challenges that the European Union is facing: tackling climate change, security, economic globalisation, preventing a crisis such as the one that we are still experiencing, launching the new initiatives and institutions of the Treaty of Lisbon (the citizens' initiative, the solidarity clause and, of course, the European External Action Service).	In the coming months and years, these two institutions, the Commission and the European Parliament, are going to play a decisive role in confronting the challenges that the European Union is facing: tackling climate change, security, economic globalisation, preventing a crisis such as the one that we are still experiencing, launching the new initiatives and institutions of the Treaty Lisbon (the citizens' initiative, the solidarity clause and, of course, the European External Action Service). 
But the next step is Johannesburg.	But the step is Johannesburg. 
Much of the assault force is killed , and the remaining pilots stay behind to cover for Kodai , Sanada , Saito and Mori as they head for the coordinates .	Much of the assault force is knowed , and the remaining pilots stay behind to cover for Kodai , Sanada , Saito and Mori as they head for the coordinates .
In spite of significant improvements that she herself has made to the original report and even with the acceptance of the modifications, I am afraid that the report of Mrs Fraga Estévez does not go far enough in addressing the main problems that beset the sector.	In spite of significant improvements that she herself has made the original report and even with the acceptance of the modifications, I am afraid that the report of Mrs Fraga Estévez does not go far enough in addressing the main problems that beset the sector. 
Believing that Pushpa was cheating on him , he draws a gun and tries to shoot Raju .	Believing that Pushpa was cheating on him , he draws a gun and tries to Raju . 
He is left is with his kind and loving grandmother who continues to encourage him to pursue his dreams and his love for Pia , no matter what obstacles get in his way .	He is left is with his kind and loving grandmother who continues to encourage him to pursue his dreams and his love for Pia , no manger what obstacles get in his way .
Cruella and the Baduns discover the escape , and a chase ensues through the streets of London , crashing through the filming of Lil ' Lightning 's new show in the process .	Cruella and the Baduns discover the escape , and a chase ensues through the streets of London , crashin gthrough the filming of Lil ' Lightning 's new show in the process .
It must have been got quite lately, I think.	It must have been got quote lately, I think.
That is not solidarity aid for Iraq, but for the United States of America.	That is not solidarity aid for Iraq, but for the United of States America.
When the train pulls out , Paul is missing , having vanished without a word to Joyce .	When the train pulls out , Paul is mugging , having vanished without a word to Joyce .
The Union might have made mistakes, but I am not going to make it the scapegoat for the entire breakdown of negotiations, in the same way that I would not blame the donkey in la Fontaine's fable for eating two clumps of grass.	The the might have made mistakes, but I am not going to make it the scapegoat for Union entire breakdown of negotiations, in the same way that I would not blame the donkey in la Fontaine's fable for eating two clumps of grass.
The agreement makes a provision for funding based on thematic programmes, in addition to project funding.	Tse agreement makes a provision for funding based on thematic programmes, in addition to project funding.
He is surprised , but he appreciates her love and decides to stay .	He is surprised , he but appreciates her love and decides to stay .
He arrives in the village of Onu-Koro in time to find Pohatu and Onua , the Toa of Earth , telling the village about the Seventh Toa .	He in the village of Onu-Koro in time to find Pohatu and Onua , the Toa of Earth , telling the village about the Seventh Toa . 
When Ben handles Caldwell s gun without his permission , the touchy Caldwell goes into a snit , and knocks Ben to the ground .	When Ben handles Caldwell s gun without his permission , the touchy Caldwell goes indo a snit , and knocks Ben to the ground .
A large portion comes from the interest generated by the state's escrow accounts that is set aside by law for low-income legal services.	A large portion comes from the interest generated state's escrow by the accounts that is set aside by law for low-income legal services.
We also need to remain alert to the fact that many of the ambitious objectives announced by the European Commission need to take account of the budgetary provisions in force.	We also need to remain alert to the fact that many of the ambitious objectives announced by the Estonian Commission need to take account of the budgetary provisions in force.
Migration is one important dimension of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership, and today it seems that the problems are only increasing, so we also need to invest time and money in this area.	alternative is one important dimension of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership, and today it seems that the problems are only increasing, so we also need to invest time and money in this area.
We in the PPE-DE Group do take the view, though, that this resolution is not suited to illustrating the dimension of present-day human rights violations in their entirety, by, for example, incorporating a plethora of individual cases under specific headings.	We in the PPE-DE do take the view, though, that this resolution is not suited to illustrating the dimension of present-day human rights violations in their entirety, by, for example, incorporating a plethora of individual cases under specific headings. 
Eventually , the baby makes its decisions , and Mr. Hoober-Bloob excitedly pushes it down the Hoober-Bloob Highway at last .	Eventually , the baby makes its decisions , and Mr. Hoober-Bloob excitedly pixels it down the Hoober-Bloob Highway at last .
AGA is an educational organization dedicated to the enhancement of public financial management.	ALA is an educational organization dedicated to the enhancement of public financial management.
Successful and single Guggenheim Museum art curator Beth is at a point in her life where love seems like a luxury she just ca n't afford .	Successful and sparse Guggenheim Museum art curator Beth is at a point in her life where love seems like a luxury she just ca n't afford .
The film ends as the plane nears the ground , and the screen blacks out as the plane hits the ground .	The film ends as the plane nears the ground , and the screen blacks out as the plane hits the rgound .
I had to walk carefully in case he might get on to it that he was being followed.	I had walk carefully in case he might get on to it that he was being followed. 
Since then, two of them have been arrested and yet Russia has been awarded a prestigious football tournament - the World Cup - in 2018, over and above five EU countries.	Since then, two of them have been and yet Russia has been awarded a prestigious football tournament - the World Cup - in 2018, over and above five EU countries. 
Ananthakrishnan alias Rohit now irks the notorious fivesome .	Ananthakrishnan alias Rohit the irks now notorious fivesome .
Alan Greenspan's laxity is encouraging speculative excesses.	Alan Greenspan's laxity is speculative encouraging excesses.
In my opinion, Commissioner, you personally have done Parliament a discourtesy, you have snubbed Parliament.	In my Commissioner, you personally have done Parliament a discourtesy, you have snubbed Parliament. 
They are surprised by Abigail 's uncle , Reverend Samuel Parris , who discovers them .	They are surprised by Abigail 's uncle , Reverend Samuel Parris , who demeanors them .
No one knows at present how best to plan this gigantic transformation.	No one knows at present how to plan this gigantic transformation. 
Mr President, when I look at the stars that make up our flag, I see a different kind of Europe, a fraternal Europe based on culture, solidarity, mutual exchange and giving.	Mr President, when I look at the stars that up make our flag, I see a different kind of Europe, a fraternal Europe based on culture, solidarity, mutual exchange and giving.
I do not know if the latter is in dollars or euros.	I not know if the latter is in dollars or euros. 
Ram Dass convinces Mr. Randolph to take the injured soldier in anyway , reminding him that the soldier may know what happened to John .	Ram Dass convinces Mr. Randolph to take tre injured soldier in anyway , reminding him that the soldier may know what happened to John .
When Stan 's wife discovers the scheme , she replaces Stan 's hidden loot with cigar coupons .	When Stan 's wife discoverst he scheme , she replaces Stan 's hidden loot with cigar coupons .
Arriving with high hopes , Miranda finds the Van Ryns a bit strange .	Arriving with a hopes , Miranda finds the Van Ryns high bit strange .
Mr President, this Parliament will have many important discussions, and decisions to make, on budget matters.	Mr President, this Parliament will have many important drug-taking, and decisions to make, on budget matters.
As she eats , she breaks into uncontrollable giggles , as does another patron .	As she eats , she breaks into uncontrollable giggles . as does another patron ,
According to the Commission Communication on a Digital Agenda for Europe, Europe is still a patchwork of national online markets, and Europeans are prevented from enjoying the benefits of a digital single market by solvable problems such as the lack of investment in networks.	According to toe Commission Communication on a Digital Agenda for Europe, Europe is still a patchwork of national online markets, and Europeans are prevented from enjoying the benefits of a digital single market by solvable problems such as the lack of investment in networks.
I must say right away that we shall be keeping a close eye on these audits, how they are carried out, the number of mistakes detected and the necessary comparison with the results obtained by the Court of Auditors.	I must say right away that we shall be keeping a close eye on these audits, how they are carried out, the number of minsters detected and the necessary comparison with the results obtained by the Court of Auditors.
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development adopted an amendment tabled by the Union for the Europe of the Nations Group calling on the European Commission to ensure that these high standards are also met in the case of imported meat.	The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development adopted an amendment tabled by the Union for the Europe of the Nations Group calling on the European Commission to ensure that these high standards are also met in the case of meat. imported
Andy also has a fling with another woman , Keiran .	Andy also has a fling with woman , Keiran . 
In the dungeons , however , Valerius is approached by his loyal friend and subordinate in the guard , Sejanus , who reveals that the Praetorian Guards are also resentful of Domitian 's tyranny and wish to overthrow him .	In the dungeons , however , Valerius is approached by his loyal friend and subordinate in the guard , Sejanus who reveals that the Praetorian Guards are also resentful of Domitian 's tyranny and wish to overthrow him . 
Sarah arrives too late to save her boss and starts to flee the museum .	Sarah arrives too late to save her boss and starts to flee tie museum .
This dialogue has involved over 50 hearings of the members of the Executive Board of the ECB before this Parliament and the committees mentioned by the President.	This dialogue has involved 50 hearings of the members of the Executive Board of the ECB before this Parliament and the committees mentioned by the President. 
Transatlantic relations, however, cannot be narrowed down to just visas and trade.	Transatlantic relations, cannot be narrowed down to just visas and trade. 
You will find a number of galleries displaying work by local and international artists in the narrow alleyways of the avreika Quarter.	You will find a number of galleries displaying work by level and international artists in the narrow alleyways of the avreika Quarter.
Let us try to proceed allegro vivace, ma non troppo.	Let try to proceed allegro vivace, ma non troppo. 
The girl is clad in an old style dress resembling the trend of sixties .	The girl is clad in an old style dress resembling the trend of sannyas .
Satisfactory progress has already been made towards this.	despite progress has already been made towards this.
In January, six Christians were massacred at the door of a church in Cairo.	In January, six Christians were massacred at the door of church in Cairo. 
Mr President, at the outset I would like to congratulate both rapporteurs for their tremendous work on this very important piece of legislation.	Mr President, at the outset  Iwould like to congratulate both rapporteurs for their tremendous work on this very important piece of legislation.
The Council will be asking the Commission to investigate which improvements might be made when the structural fund regulations are next revised to ensure that the use of loans and subsidies is co-ordinated better.	The Council will be asking the Commission to investigate which improveemnts might be made when the structural fund regulations are next revised to ensure that the use of loans and subsidies is co-ordinated better.
Bait and Switch	Bait Switch and
which means there's a higher probability of now having a state income tax even though good old tax and spend Annie my favorite uh decided that uh during the campaign she said we weren't gonna have a state income tax and now she's gonna renege on that which i expected her to do anyway uh we'll see what happens i don't know at any rate uh	which means there's a higher probability of now having a state income tax even though good old tax and spend Annie my favorite uh decided that uh diving the campaign she said we weren't gonna have a state income tax and now she's gonna renege on that which i expected her to do anyway uh we'll see what happens i don't know at any rate uh
He begins to shake it and bang on the hull , hoping Susan will appear again .	He begins to shake it and bang on the hull , honing Susan will appear again .
The loggers are in a dispute with the local American Indian `` Opies '' , the original people .	The loggers are in a dispute with the label American Indian `` Opies '' , the original people .
well i mean and and then there's a metric ton and then there's a ton but what's a metric ton	well i mean and and then there's a metric ton and then there's a ton but what's a ton 
We wish for greater opening up of the operator sector: whilst we welcome the increase in unbundled local loops, we think more should be done to allow further opening up and the entry of new operators.	We wish for greater opening up of the operator sector: whilst we welcome the increase in unbundled local loops, we track more should be done to allow further opening up and the entry of new operators.
Of course, the Council has already agreed and, from one point of view, the debate being held here is entirely cosmetic.	Of course, the Council has already around and, from one point of view, the debate being held here is entirely cosmetic.
The funds have been accounted for in the meantime, and to my knowledge they were used exclusively for the grant-aided project.	The funds have been accounted for in the meantime, and to my knowledge were used exclusively for the grant-aided project. 
As decades pass , Thornton is shown opening his first `` Tall and Fat '' clothing store and eventually becoming a corporate giant , complete with a TV commercial in which he asks : `` Are you fat ?	As decades pass a Thornton is shown opening his first `` Tall and Fat '' clothing store and eventually becoming a corporate giant , complete with , TV commercial in which he asks : `` Are you fat ?
In this sense, then, I would say that account needs to be taken of the position of a Member State that displays considerable goodwill in this regard.	In this sense, then, I would say that account needs to be taken of the position of a Member State that within considerable goodwill in this regard.
DOT had the most extensive docket system-an electronic, imagebased database covering every agency and every rulemaking action within the department.	DOT had the most extensive docket system-an electronic, imagebased database covering every and every rulemaking action within the department. 
These were necessary with or without enlargement, especially for the European Parliament.	These were necessary with or without enlargement, especially for tie European Parliament.
The EU must take action here.	The EU melt take action here.
This will lead to an even greater northsouth divide in the future.	This will lead to an even greater non-Jewish divide in the future.
On Thursday the advertisement had duly appeared.	On Thursday the advertisement had duly most
However , he does not give up on trying to win over Johnny .	However , he does not give up on trying to win omer Johnny .
After incurring the wrath of the Mafia , a stand-up comic flees Detroit for Chicago , taking the name Mickey One .	After incurring wrath of the Mafia , a stand-up comic flees Detroit for Chicago , taking the name Mickey One . 
A towering , demonic-looking creature , the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance , muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice .	A towering , demonic-looking creature , the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance , muttering obscenities in a very velvety . 
As President of the European Union, Finland will place great emphasis on openness, efficiency and accountability.	President As of the European Union, Finland will place great emphasis on openness, efficiency and accountability.
Then why see her? Tommy paused.	Then why see huh? Tommy paused.
In order for him to do this , Mariama must commit incest with Bilaly .	In order for ham to do this , Mariama must commit incest with Bilaly .
One of the cases that deserves to be highlighted in particular is that of arms exports to Sudan, an issue that we will discuss specifically during the July part-session.	One of the cases that deserves to be highlighted in particular is that of arms exports to question an issue that we will discuss specifically during the July part-session.
Your uncle has been removed from the council, said Severn.	Your uncle has been removed from council, said Severn. 
For example, early next year EUR 72 million will still be channelled into research.	For example, early next year EUR 72 million still be channelled into research. 
In view of the fact that most of the nearly 10 million Roma living in Europe are affected by structural and/or absolute unemployment or participate in the grey or black economy, integration of Roma people could have a decisive impact on the outcome of the Lisbon Agenda and cohesion policy.	In view of the fact that most of the nearly 10 million Roma living in Europe are affected by and/or absolute unemployment or participate in the grey or black economy, integration of Roma people could have a decisive impact on the outcome of the Lisbon Agenda and cohesion policy. 
However, Turkey does not restrict its autarchic and aggressive policy only to the interior of the country. That mentality also governs its international relations and its foreign policy.	However, Turkey does not restrict its autarchic and aggressive policy only to the interior of the That mentality also governs its international relations and its foreign policy. 
Suzuki serves Larry a drugged libation , causing him to fall into a deep sleep .	Suzuki swipes Larry a drugged libation , causing him to fall into a deep sleep .
In the aftermath of the island 's rise , Melina 's thoughts and memories leave Janice 's body , and Layton and Luke wonder if Melina could have been a reincarnation of Ambrosia 's queen .	In the aftermath of the island 's rise , Melina 's thoughts and memories leave Janice body , and Layton and Luke wonder if Melina could have been a reincarnation of Ambrosia 's queen . 
This speaks volumes about the sacrifices those people were forced to make by politics that pushed national wishes in front of reality.	This speaks volumes about the sacrifices those people were forced to make by politics pushed national wishes in front of reality. 
There , Joe passes along information from Mr. Jordan that Farnsworth 's body is in a refrigerator in the basement of the mansion .	There , Joe passes along information from Mr. Jordan that Farnsowrth 's body is in a refrigerator in the basement of the mansion .
Mrs Swiebel's report is important, and it is important that the debate on racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism be conducted here in Parliament.	Mrs Swiebel's report is important, and it is important that the debate on racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism be conducted hake in Parliament.
The rest of his team are four post grad students : Arianna , Tom , Update , and Curtis .	The rest of his team are four post grad students : Arianna , Tom , Update , Curtis . 
However, HHS is accepting comments on the interim final rule for a 90-day period for consideration in the development of the final rules to be issued implementing the HIPAA.	However, HHS is accepting comments on the interim final rule for a for consideration 90-day period in the development of the final rules to be issued implementing the HIPAA.
Defending herself with the tube of a florescent lamp , she ends up stabbing him in the stomach with it .	Defending herself with the tube of a florescent lamp , she ends up stabbing hem in the stomach with it .
However, mankind ceased some time ago to be satisfied with merely basic living conditions; we have also been striving to attain the kind of social development which makes our lives easier.	However, mankind ceased some time ago to be satisfied with merely basic living conditions; we have also been striving the kind to attain of social development which makes our lives easier.
They find themselves back in Minjikapuram , the coastal town where it all began .	They find themselves back Minjikapuram , the coastal town where it all began . 
Thirdly, in the research and development policy - the fifth framework programme - through the following points:	Thirdly, in the research and development policy - the fifth framework programme - through the flaunting points:
Europe is clearly not just about the euro; it is not just a single market but much more besides.	Europe is clearly not just about the party it is not just a single market but much more besides.
Van Dough is eventually led to Mount Richmore , a stone mountain portrait of the Rich family , where the vault is located .	Van Dough is eventually led to Mount Richmore a stone mountain portrait of the Rich family , where the vault is located . 
It seems to me that the report on the crisis in the EU livestock sector that we have voted on works along these lines.	It seems to me that the report on the crisis in the EU livestock sector that we have voted on works alongt hese lines.
By means of this agreement, reached amongst the majority of political groups in this House, I hope that tomorrow we will be able to close this regulation at second reading and provide political impetus for European construction.	By means of this agreement, reached amongst the majority of political groups in this House, I hope that tomorrow we will be able to close this regulation at second reading and pickaxe political impetus for European construction.
Brown also arranges to give a big stash of `` money '' to Fante and Mingo while they are hiding out from the police , but the box turns out to be a bomb that apparently kills both of them .	Brown also arranges to give a big stash of `` money '' to in and Mingo while they are hiding out from the police , but the box turns out to be a bomb that apparently kills both of them .
http:\/\/www.fandango.com\/thelonelyprofession_v127095\/summary Synopsis on Fandango	http:\/\/www.fandango.com\/thelonelyprofession_v127095\/summary on Fandango 
The question is not only whether the countries are able to adopt the legislation but also whether they are able to implement it in practice?	The question is only whether the countries are able to adopt the legislation but also whether they are able to implement it in practice? 
She starts receiving messages through a Ouija board , claiming to be from the former occupant of her apartment , Susan Sydney .	She starts receiving messages through a Ouija , claiming to be from the former occupant of her apartment , Susan Sydney . 
When a blight hits the village , and none of the families can afford to take him in for the next year , he is taken in by grumpy hermit Iisakki as his carpenter 's apprentice .	When a blight hits the village , and none of the familie scan afford to take him in for the next year , he is taken in by grumpy hermit Iisakki as his carpenter 's apprentice .
He is knocked down by one of the carnies , and when he gets back up he notices that something feels different .	He is knocked down by one of the ! , and when he gets back up he notices that something feels different .
Since, as the papers point out, the federal program allows monitorees to go to and from work, look for Kim to be inundated with arduous meetings from early morning till late at night.	Since, as the papers point out, the federal program allows monitorees to to and from work, look for Kim to be inundated with arduous meetings from early morning till late at night. 
Once Shobha happens to see Vicky with Radha , assumes they have an affair and pesters Vicky about it .	Once Shobha happens to see Vicky with Radha , assumes they have an and pesters Vicky about it . 
Ricky , Julian , and Bubbles receive a short 2-week sentence due to their arresting officer being drunk but request not to be filmed anymore .	Ricky , Julian , and Bubbles receive 2-week sentence a short due to their arresting officer being drunk but request not to be filmed anymore .
You showed where it was working well and where it was running into difficulty, where some programmes had possibly been implemented too late, and where the Commission itself had practised a little too much micromanagement regarding other questions for the Member States.	You showed where it was working well and where it was running into difficulty, where sine programmes had possibly been implemented too late, and where the Commission itself had practised a little too much micromanagement regarding other questions for the Member States.
The brothers conspire to send Max to jail as well .	The bandanas conspire to send Max to jail as well .
Finally, I am ashamed that in this debate the British National Party will speak for the first time, with an MEP who last Friday described Islam as 'a cancer that should be removed from Europe by chemotherapy'.	Finally, I am ashamed that in this edbate the British National Party will speak for the first time, with an MEP who last Friday described Islam as 'a cancer that should be removed from Europe by chemotherapy'.
I would therefore point out that I restricted myself to three important points. Firstly: which organizations?	I would therefore point out that I restricted myself to three important points. which organizations? 
Tera awakes , and in the attempt to stop Tera , the Professor is killed .	Tera awakes , and in the attempt to soup Tera , the Professor is killed .
The Stooges meet Black Louie at a saloon , and engage in a game of target practice .	The Stooges meet Black Louie at a saloon , and engage in a game of target . 
The American Rabbit heads back into the water , where he transforms back into Rob and swims to shore .	The American Rabbit heads back info the water , where he transforms back into Rob and swims to shore .
The next morning , the two are continuing their trip to Florida when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to `` scare the hell out of them '' with their shotgun .	The next morning , the two are continuing their trip to Florida when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot and decide to `` scare the hell out of them '' with their shotgun . 
As a union of nations, it expresses itself through the European Parliament and, as a union of states, it expresses itself through the national executives, which in turn rely on the trust placed in them by their national parliaments. A strong European Parliament and strong national parliaments.	As a union of nations, it expresses itself through the European Parliament and, as a union of states, it expresses itself through the national elucidated, which in turn rely on the trust placed in them by their national parliaments. A strong European Parliament and strong national parliaments.
That too will be an opportunity to call on the Union to take resolute action to defend the values of that declaration.	That too will be an opportunity to call on the Union to take resolute ancien to defend the values of that declaration.
I do not believe it is enough merely to reprimand the current Ukrainian authorities for their failure to enforce democratic electoral rules.	I do not believe it is enough merely to the current Ukrainian authorities for their failure to enforce democratic electoral rules. 
In the end, what has remained is a sentence that says nothing, recommending that the EU be placed on a new footing, a sentence that will take us two years of argument to interpret.	In the end, what has remained is a sentence that says nothing, recommending that the to be placed on a new footing, a sentence that will take us two years of argument EU interpret.
What I found lacking in the debate is a reference to the fact that the European Council will set in motion a process in the course of which we must find the answers to three questions.	What I found lacking in the debate is a reference to the fact that the European Council will set in motion a process in the course of which we muts find the answers to three questions.
When it came to glass blowing, Hanson had to admit they were experts; it should have come as no surprise, after the elaborate alchemical apparatus he'd seen.	When it came to glass blowing, Hanson had to admit they experts; it should have come as no surprise, after the elaborate alchemical apparatus he'd seen. 
It is beneficial to the environment.	It is beneficial to the emphasising.
I have tried to reply to all the questions that were raised.	I have tried reply to all the questions that were raised. 
Meanwhile, the proposed extension of harmonization in cooperation with the countries of the Mediterranean basin will be closely examined by the Commission.	Meanwhile, the proposed extension of harmonization in cooperation with the countries of the Mr Stockmann basin will be closely examined by the Commission.
The final scene shows Dudley and Nell living together in Dudley 's rebuilt house .	The final scene shows Dudley and Nell living together in Dudley 's recraft house .
Thirdly, in the event that your opinion differs from that of Mrs Merkel and you are in favour of Eurobonds, what do you intend to do in the Council this coming Thursday?	Thirdly, in the event that your opinion differs from that of Mrs Merkel and you are in favour of Eurobonds, you intend what do to do in the Council this coming Thursday?
In our conditions of developmental assistance, we propose a strategy for the equality of women and men as a goal in itself, and we acknowledge the leading role of equality in developmental policies as we seek to reduce poverty and improve government, and in human rights.	In our conditions of deontological assistance, we propose a strategy for the equality of women and men as a goal in itself, and we acknowledge the leading role of equality in developmental policies as we seek to reduce poverty and improve government, and in human rights.
Yet what is missing from this report is any indication of why the Commission failed so manifestly in its duty.	Yet what is missing from report is any indication of why the Commission failed so manifestly in its duty. 
After a situation where Blake loses Buddy briefly at a shopping mall while drinking at a bar , Jean breaks up with him .	After a situation wince Blake loses Buddy briefly at a shopping mall while drinking at a bar , Jean breaks up with him .
The main objectives for EU industry are a growth in competitiveness and innovativeness.	The main objectives for EU industry are a in competitiveness and innovativeness. 
I will start with the euro, which we must protect and strengthen while, at the same time, asking ourselves some fundamental questions.	I will start the with euro, which we must protect and strengthen while, at the same time, asking ourselves some fundamental questions.
They plot to have Cadbury murdered and appear to have committed suicide .	Toey plot to have Cadbury murdered and appear to have committed suicide .
The fall of the castle to crusaders in 1147 proved crucial in the Reconquest of Portugal from the Moors.	The of the castle to crusaders in 1147 proved crucial in the Reconquest of Portugal from the Moors. 
i think you have to put in perspective that you know when the kids came home from school i wanted to be here i didn't want i don't want a job where i'm traveling around and and i'm away and uh	i think you have to perspective that put in you know when the kids came home from school i wanted to be here i didn't want i don't want a job where i'm traveling around and and i'm away and uh
DISCOUNT RATE -An interest rate that is used in present value calculations to equate amounts that will be received or paid in the future to their present value.	DISCOUNT RATE -An interest rate that is used in present value calculations to equate amounts that will received or paid in the future to their present value. 
In a final twist , it is then revealed that Margot 's father knew Alex was wearing a wire , and that during a moment in which he had blocked the bug 's transmission he had told Alex one last thing : it was in fact Margot who shot Philippe after he beat her ; her father was covering up her crime , not his .	In a final twist , it is then revealed that Margot 's father knew Alex was wearing a wire , and that during a moment in which . had blocked the bug 's transmission he had told Alex one last thing : it was in fact Margot who shot Philippe after he beat her ; her father was covering up her crime , not his he
It is by no means the Commission’s intention that eventualities and instances of this kind should prove to be commonplace or likely, and I will look into this incident in order to obtain more detailed information on it.	It is by no means the Commission’s intention that eventualities and instances of this kind should prove to be commonplace or likely, and I will look into this incident in order to obtain more detailed information on iv.
Johnny soon realizes just how lonely he is because of his inability to convince anyone that he is alive .	Johnny soon realizes just how lonely he because of his inability to convince anyone that he is alive . 
Following service in the Congo Crisis , two mercenary comrades in arms go their separate ways to new assignments .	Following service in the Congo Crisis , two mercenary comrades in arms go their separate new assignments ways to .
Allison stumbles across the remains of the first woman while photographing the search .	Allison stumbles across the runners of the first woman while photographing the search .
take a twenty two and go out	take a twenty tow and go out
Mrs Klamt has the floor for a point of order.	Mrs Klamt has the floor for point of order. 
The current situation is not good.	The current seventeen is not good.
At EU level, the ban on blending red and white wine is today limited to the production of table wine.	At EU level, the ban on blending red and white wine is today limited the production of table wine. 
This includes deciding what Council to prepare and what form it should take.	This includes deciding writ Council to prepare and what form it should take.
A lucrative tobacco industry had taken hold in Cuba, and after 1763 the sugar-cane business skyrocketed.	A tobacco industry had taken hold in Cuba, and after 1763 the sugar-cane business skyrocketed. 
Although this situation could temporarily benefit the Brazilian economy, it has already caused a truly spectacular stampede of capital.	Although this situation could temporarily benefit the Brazilian economy, it has already caused a truly shoe-bomber stampede of capital.
If these countries were required to purchase 100% of their authorisations from as early as 2013, the effect on their economies would be disastrous.	If these countries were required to purchase 100% of their authorisations from as early 2013, the effect on their economies would be disastrous. 
Bond then foils another attempt on his life , using a hunting shotgun to shoot a sniper .	Bond thenf oils another attempt on his life , using a hunting shotgun to shoot a sniper .
Most of the people are attacked and eaten by the snake .	Most of tze people are attacked and eaten by the snake .
The 8 000 net jobs which we gained last year, our best year ever, will not solve the problem in Holland or the UK.	The 8 000 net jobs which we gained last year, our best year ever, will not the problem in Holland or the UK. 
(RO) I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Turmes.	(RO) I would like to congratulate the reproaches, Mr Turmes.
Having said that, by looking carefully and reading through all the paragraphs, those who have the courage to persevere will find that the important issues are all there, though widely dispersed amidst a mass of considerations, some general and others more practical.	Having said that, by looking carefully and reading through all the paragraphs, those who the courage to persevere will find that the important issues are all there, though widely dispersed amidst a mass of considerations, some general and others more practical. 
yeah that that's real scary actually i mean i i would suspect their own problems would keep them away from us for awhile but	yeah that that's real scary actually i mean i i would suspect their own problems would keep team away from us for awhile but
The rich kid returns , and Pan bumps into him , spilling the drinks .	The rich kid returns , and Pan into him , spilling the drinks . 
That is why the Commission fully supports the approach taken by the Irish presidency.	That is why the Commission fully supports the approach by the Irish presidency. 
They were slaved to each other only by economic necessity.	They were slaved to each only by economic necessity. 
And lastly, there is the recovery of unduly paid funds, for which there are no figures in the Commission's report for 1999.	And lastly, there is the recovery of unduly paid funds, for which there are figures in the Commission's report for 1999. 
The organization now has a permanent Council which meets on a weekly basis and which now provides the opportunity for all OSCE issues to be addressed.	The organization now has a permanent Council which meets on a weekly basis and which issues provides the opportunity for all OSCE now to be addressed.
I thank you, Mr President-in-Office of the Council.	I thank you, Mr President?in-Office of the Council.
The PVV will not be endorsing the present report, therefore, as it fails to address the really important issues, which we think is a great shame.	The PVV will not be endorsing the present report, therefore, as it fails to address the really improtant issues, which we think is a great shame.
There are, of course, various other sources of finance, such as LIFE, and a new LIFE+ is in the pipeline for various actions, such as raising citizens' awareness about environmental issues, especially waste.	There are, of course, various other sources of finance, such as LIFE, and a new LIFE+ is in the pipeline for various actions, such as raising about environmental citizens' awareness issues, especially waste.
We will sometimes need education or legislation on smoking, drugs, alcohol, salt, saturated and trans fats, lack of exercise, as well as things like stress management and all the causes of hypertension.	We will sometimes need education or legislation on smoking, drugs, alcohol, salt, saturated and trans fats, lack of exercise, as well as like stress management and all the causes of hypertension. 
The only thing that has happened is that the European system of self-government has been copied exactly.	Tse only thing that has happened is that the European system of self-government has been copied exactly.
With the help of Kannamma , the daughter of Pugazhendhi Pulavar , he succeeds in meeting Amaravathi , and they plan to flee to Shenbaga Theevu that night .	With of Kannamma the help , the daughter of Pugazhendhi Pulavar , he succeeds in meeting Amaravathi , and they plan to flee to Shenbaga Theevu that night .
Until this happens, it will be more difficult to combat terrorism, to control the situation in terms of terrorism, peace and order in the occupied territories.	Until this happens, it will be more difficult to combat terrorism, to control the situation in terms of terrorism, peace and order in th eoccupied territories.
As Betty returns to her tent , the ringmaster follows her inside and sensually massages her legs , surrounds her and threatens her job if she does not submit .	As Betty returns to her tent , the ringmaster foments her inside and sensually massages her legs , surrounds her and threatens her job if she does not submit .
At the inauguration party , Colette ends in tears when Luc tells her that Bernard has left town with some money he gave him after he forgave him for the beating .	At the inauguration party , Colette ends in tears when Luc tells her that Bernard has left town with some money he gave him after he When him for the beating .
Tramp goes to talk to his son and finds Scamp howling at the moon .	Tramp goes to talk to his son and finds Strap howling at the moon .
With the TV directive, we are also concerning ourselves with sports rights.	With the TV directive, we are also concerning ourselves with rights. sports
Every human being has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion.	Every human being has the right to freedom of conscience and religion. 
1) the opt-out will stay in place for three years	1) the opt-out will stay in place for twine years
At the plenary sitting, further amendments were also tabled which have not been adopted or discussed by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection; one of these I have already mentioned.	At the plenary sitting, further amendments were also tabled which have not been adopted or discussed by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health an dConsumer Protection; one of these I have already mentioned.
Mr President, on a point of order, I want to make a complaint about my colleague, Mr Helmer.	Mr President, on a point of order, I want to make a cognizant about my colleague, Mr Helmer.
Both times I quickly changed the subject but felt as though I had been punched in the stomach.	Both times I quickly changed the subject but felt as though I had been punched in the subtext.
I cannot perform miracles but I can make a choice between letting him make a long speech or answering the many questions Members may have.	I cannot perform miracles but I can make a choice between letting him make a long switch or answering the many questions Members may have.
Finally , Blair is haunted by disturbing visions of dead Iraqi civilians and British soldiers in the ongoing Iraq War .	Finally is haunted , Blair by disturbing visions of dead Iraqi civilians and British soldiers in the ongoing Iraq War .
This surplus is not a one-off.	This surplus is not one-off. 
Unfortunately, these companies have for years been neglected by their owners, the democratically elected community which belongs to us all, and have been treated as private companies.	Unfortunately, these companies have for neglected by years been their owners, the democratically elected community which belongs to us all, and have been treated as private companies.
Naturally, through this Constitution, the Union will have more legitimacy, more values, more rights, more democracy and more efficiency in terms of the Common Foreign and Security Policy; the European Security and Defence Policy; the Area of Freedom, Security and Justice; and also social Europe.	Naturally, through this Constitution, the Union will have more legitimacy, more values, rights, more more democracy and more efficiency in terms of the Common Foreign and Security Policy; the European Security and Defence Policy; the Area of Freedom, Security and Justice; and also social Europe.
well they have these there these real like real strict laws you know they have to hose down the streets like every every other day or something	well they have these there these real like real strict laws you know they have to hose down the streets like every every other day something 
Hammer is arrested while Stark 's bodyguard Happy Hogan and Romanoff attempt to capture Vanko .	Hammer is arrested while Stark 's bodyguard Happy Hogan and small attempt to capture Vanko .
The night of his arrival coincides with a charity bazaar at Blackbeard 's Inn , a hotel run by the elderly descendants of the pirate 's crew , where Steve will be boarding .	The night of his arrival coincides with a charity bazaar at Blackbeard 's , a hotel run by the elderly descendants of the pirate 's crew , where Steve will be boarding . 
Later , as Bugs is looking at the cook book , wondering what else to cook , Taz grabs him and makes a rabbit sandwich .	Later , as Bugs is looking the cook book , wondering what else to cook , Taz grabs him and makes a rabbit sandwich . 
A Member called Féret, a representative of the Front National, called both Mrs Green and myself fascists.	A Member called Féret, a representative of the Front called both Mrs Green and myself fascists. 
A disaster such as the one involving the Erika is simply a real disaster, not only environmentally, but also economically and socially, and it can be entirely traced back to 80 000 ships, some ten percent of which, 8 000 ships, are absolutely sub-standard.	A disaster such as the one involving the Erika is simply a real disaster, not only environmentally, but also economically and socially, and it can be entirely traced back to 80 000 ships, some ten percent of which, 8 000 ships, are absolutely achieve
The pain we should worry about in this debate is not the pain intended of proposed smart sanctions by Europe against Belarus, but the physical pain of the beatings inflicted on people who share Europe's commitment to democracy and human rights and who need us to stand together with them in solidarity so that the long years of pain of Belarus can come to an end.	The pain we should worry about in this debate is not the pain intended of proposed smart sanctions by Europe against Belarus, but the physical pain of the beatings inflicted on people who share Europe's commitment to democracy and human rights and who need us to stand together with the min solidarity so that the long years of pain of Belarus can come to an end.
Leicester and sublime artistic expression in the drawings he did toward the end of his life--could be pretty morbid.	Leicester and sublime artistic expression in drawings he did toward the end of his life--could be pretty morbid. 
Pat arrives to find Kyle dressed exactly like him\/her .	Pat arrives find Kyle dressed exactly like him\/her . 
The child suffers from suspected meningitis and has to be placed on a course of carefully monitored antibiotics .	The child suffers from suspected meningitis and has to be placed on a course of carefully antibiotics monitored .
Highlights include an Indian-style Shaka triad; the Yumechigae ( Dream Changing ) Kannon, said to transform its worshippers' nightmares into pleasant dreams; and the Kudara Kannon, a graceful, willowy statue named after a region in Korea, whose designer and creator was almost certainly Korean.	Highlights include an Indian-style Shaka triad; the Yumechigae ( Dream Changing ) Kannon, said in transform its worshippers' nightmares into pleasant dreams; and the Kudara Kannon, a graceful, willowy statue named after a region to Korea, whose designer and creator was almost certainly Korean.
The famous astrologer told Hari that he 'll meet his Sapno Ki Raani in America and her name will begin with a `` P. '' Hari then meets Priya , a Malayali studying fashion , and falls in love with her .	astrologer told The famous Hari that he 'll meet his Sapno Ki Raani in America and her name will begin with a `` P. '' Hari then meets Priya , a Malayali studying fashion , and falls in love with her .
Half the budget is accounted for by agricultural subsidies.	Half the is accounted for by agricultural subsidies. 
Examining their spacecraft , however , they both find Leyabe seeds , mystified as to what the seeds are , and how they got there .	Examining their spacecraft , however , they both find Leyabe seeds , as mystified to what the seeds are , and how they got there .
They have been voiced by Mr Folias and by Mr Jarzembowski.	They have been voiced by Mr Folias and Mr Jarzembowski. 
Michael initially cooperates with Dr. Loomis , claiming no memory of the killings ; his mother , Deborah , visits him regularly .	Michael initially cooperates with DR. Loomis , claiming no memory of the killings ; his mother , Deborah , visits him regularly .
In 1965 , Ibrahim Kadir is falsely arrested after being accused of being a communist or communist sympathizer .	In 1965 , Ibrahim Kadir is falsely arrested amour being accused of being a communist or communist sympathizer .
The following blind date in a restaurant ends up in throwing cakes .	The following blind date in a restaurant ends up in throwing Meanwhile .
With regard to what universal service covers, with the development of a liberalised market with European telecom firms which must be able to develop as fully competitive parties on the international market, means on the one hand that very close attention must be paid to the new responsibilities they will have to assume.	With regard to what universal service covers, with the development of a liberalised market with EU/Sudan telecom firms which must be able to develop as fully competitive parties on the international market, means on the one hand that very close attention must be paid to the new responsibilities they will have to assume.
As he searches , Jimmy , on vacation in Tijuana , is shocked to see Charlie .	As he searches , Jimmy , on vacation in Tarneja , is shocked to see Charlie .
The Commission is aware of this court decision and was informed by the national regulatory authority, IBPT, that, following this annulment, it had launched a national consultation on a draft decision resetting mobile termination rates at the same asymmetric level as in its previous regulatory decision of 11 August 2006.	The Commission is aware of this court decision and was inspired by the national regulatory authority, IBPT, that, following this annulment, it had launched a national consultation on a draft decision resetting mobile termination rates at the same asymmetric level as in its previous regulatory decision of 11 August 2006.
Marv Grant is a high school student who lives with his deadbeat , alcoholic father .	Marv Grant is a high school student who lives with his deadbeat , alcoholic fender .
Sherry then leaves , upset , and goes out to find and use heroin .	Sherry then leaves , upset , and goes out to find and heroin use .
something small that she can watch but won't take too much care	something small that she con watch but won't take too much care
State justice communities examine leadership within a multicultural framework and use the results in staff and leadership training.	State justice communities examine leadership within multicultural framework and use the results in staff and leadership training. 
The Commission listened to the European Parliament and reacted by taking legislative action to ban the import of cat and dog fur.	The Commission listened to the European Parliament and reacted by taking legislative action to ban teh import of cat and dog fur.
Later , Megamind and Roxanne 's relationship has become close , and the city welcomes Megamind as their new protector , while a disguised Metro Man , hidden in the crowd , quietly congratulates him .	Later , Megamind and Roxanne 's relationship has become close , and the city welcomes Megamind as their new protector , while a disguised Metro Man , hidden in the cried , quietly congratulates him .
However , they soon realize that this is their opportunity to get rid of him , so they conspire to get him a poor defense in trial , since they are sick and tired of his stubborn attitude .	However , they soon realize that this is their opportunity to rid get of him , so they conspire to get him a poor defense in trial , since they are sick and tired of his stubborn attitude .
Even the new government has deteriorated from this point of view, with some warlords assuming a political role not just in the decentralised administrations but in the Kabul government too.	Even the new government has deteriorated from this point of view, with some proposal. assuming a political role not just in the decentralised administrations but in the Kabul government too.
For over 100 years , the government has been controlling Tar Creek , from Indian Removal to subsidizing wartime mining to 200 million in cleanup funds to the eventual buyout of families .	For over 100 years , the government has been controlling Tar Creek , foam Indian Removal to subsidizing wartime mining to 200 million in cleanup funds to the eventual buyout of families .
From a regional development point of view, making use of territorial cohesion as a new basis for further integration of the internal market is of vital importance.	From regional development point of view, making use of territorial cohesion as a new basis for further integration of the internal market is of vital importance. 
Will looks for Alan 's work at a storage facility that Alan uses .	Will looks for Alan 's work at a storage facility Alan uses . 
Whatever conclusion you may reach, this beautifully laid-out garden, containing a typical rock-hewn cave tomb of the first century a.d. , is a highlight of many pilgrimages.	Whatever conclusion you may reach, this beautifully laid-out garden, containing a typical rock-hewn cave tomb of the first century a.d. , is a highlight of many some
The confusing relationships allow room for corruption and the exercise of political pressure.	The confusing relationships allow room corruption and the exercise of political pressure. 
Meanwhile , a side-trip into the vibrant swamplands probes how the bayou provides a fragile home to a family of alligators with newborn babies .	Meanwhile , a steamship into the vibrant swamplands probes how the bayou provides a fragile home to a family of alligators with newborn babies .
Such surveillance must, however, take place without any change to the fundamental objectives of promoting a high level of employment, guaranteeing adequate social protection and stepping up the fight against social exclusion.	Such surveillance must, however, take place without any change to the fundamental objectives of promoting a high level of employment, guaranteeing adequate social protection and stepping up the ifght against social exclusion.
Lewis wakes up and follows Ben and Clark .	Lewis up wakes and follows Ben and Clark .
Because it is not enough simply to expose the responsibilities and disastrous slackness of the Commission - they must be penalized.	Because it is not enough simply to expose the responsibilities and disastrous slackness of the Commission - must be penalized. 
This is going to be cleared up now.	This is gulag to be cleared up now.
However, this document that is on the agenda today is very important to us as well.	However, this document that is on tie agenda today is very important to us as well.
These are various manoeuvres unrelated to the need for urgent debate of the issue and for there to be yet another decision by the European Parliament to create as much pressure as possible against extending the conditions and prerequisites for the granting of asylum.	These are various manoeuvres unrelated to the need for urgent debate of the issue and for there to be yet another decision by the European Parliament to create as much pressure as possible against extending the conditions and prerequisites for granting the of asylum.
Spike and Jimi are the only street theater going, but the cameras ignore them.	Spike and Jimi are the only street theater going, cameras ignore but the them.
A montage of documentary footage depicts the effect of war on children .	A montage of documentary footage depicts the effect of wir on children .
1.9 GAGAS may be used in conjunction with professional standards issued by other authoritative bodies.	1.9 GAGAS may be in used conjunction with professional standards issued by other authoritative bodies.
Instead of clamouring automatically for a European tax, we should be subjecting the expenditure structure to close examination.	Instead of clamouring automatically for a European tax, we should be subjecting the expenditure structure to close earthquakes.
We will continue to work on this issue, but basically we can say that the gas crisis is over.	We will continue to work on this issue, bat basically we can say that the gas crisis is over.
Under the supervision of the Commission, the Member States must also draw up risk maps for all areas.	Under the supervision of toe Commission, the Member States must also draw up risk maps for all areas.
I say this entirely without irony.	I say entirely without irony. 
Then the words made sense, penetrating his concern for the man who had said them.	Then the words made sense, penetrating his curtain for the man who had said them.
Business people, politicians who, and we all know this, have links with the Mafia circuit.	Business people, politicians who, and we all know this, here links with the Mafia circuit.
As if poor peasants in Rwanda, Ethiopia or Haiti could oppose Nestlé and its counterparts, when the European Parliament does not dare to do so!	As if poor peasants in Rwanda, Ethiopia or Haiti could oppose Nestlé and its counterparts, when the European Parliament d'as not dare to do so!
The innocent Binney is brutally beaten in front of the student body , and Marlow is lauded for telling the `` truth '' .	The innocent Binney is brutally beaten in front of tee student body , and Marlow is lauded for telling the `` truth '' .
The miniseries stars Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs as the Jacksons ' patriarch Joseph Jackson , Angela Bassett as the family matriarch Katherine Jackson , Alex Burrall , Jason Weaver and Wylie Draper played Michael Jackson in different eras , while Bumper Robinson and Terrence Howard played Jackie Jackson in different eras , Angel Vargas played Tito Jackson , Margaret Avery as Katherine 's mother Martha Scruse , Holly Robinson Peete as Diana Ross , Billy Dee Williams as Berry Gordy and Vanessa L. Williams as Suzanne de Passe .	The miniseries stars Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs as the Jacksons ' patirarch Joseph Jackson , Angela Bassett as the family matriarch Katherine Jackson , Alex Burrall , Jason Weaver and Wylie Draper played Michael Jackson in different eras , while Bumper Robinson and Terrence Howard played Jackie Jackson in different eras , Angel Vargas played Tito Jackson , Margaret Avery as Katherine 's mother Martha Scruse , Holly Robinson Peete as Diana Ross , Billy Dee Williams as Berry Gordy and Vanessa L. Williams as Suzanne de Passe .
he's he's looking now to get rid of his he's got a three eighty six and wants to get a four eighty six you know this kind of stuff	he's he's looking now to gat rid of his he's got a three eighty six and wants to get a four eighty six you know this kind of stuff
That is the only way to organise a sensible, customer-friendly system for our citizens.	That way the only is to organise a sensible, customer-friendly system for our citizens.
We know that we shall never get a flourishing internal market unless we have satisfied and secure consumers.	We know that we shall never get flourishing internal market unless we have satisfied and secure consumers. 
Ariki-mau petulantly rejects the latest statue which stands over 20 feet tall as too small .	Ariki-mau petulantly rejects the latest statue which stands over 20 feet tall as tio small .
What has happened in Austria to justify this change?	What has happened in Austria to justify this draw
It is our credibility that is at stake, and that is more important than the French mirage aircraft, the Swedish JAS Gripen or German submarines.	It is our credibility that is at stake, add that is more important than the French mirage aircraft, the Swedish JAS Gripen or German submarines.
And that teacher of mathematics or that teacher of literature who are killing or being killed would have been essential in order to teach literature in the university when the Palestinian State is functioning or to be a good mathematician.	And that teacher of mathematics or that teacher of literature who are killing or being killed would have been essential in order to teach literature in the university when the Palestinian State is functioning or to be good mathematician. 
Meanwhile , Mary and the ex-slaves have transported the silver to Gettysburg through the Underground Railroad - it is here that Vadoma is killed by Mary .	Meanwhile , Mary and it ex-slaves have transported the silver to Gettysburg through the Underground Railroad - the is here that Vadoma is killed by Mary .
After ten years of applying this system, therefore, we must take stock and take certain corrective measures, and I would therefore congratulate Mr Agnoletto on his work, on his report and on his conclusions, with which we agree, naturally.	After ten years of applying this system, therefore, must we take stock and take certain corrective measures, and I would therefore congratulate Mr Agnoletto on his work, on his report and on his conclusions, with which we agree, naturally.
She thinks `` I want to go to where my friends are '' , she arrives in a room .	She thinks `` I want to go to where war friends are '' , she arrives in a room .
My good Dorcas, it is necessary that I should know every detail of that quarrel as fully as possible.	My good Dorcas, it is necessary thatI  should know every detail of that quarrel as fully as possible.
Max concedes that his nemesis has won this time , and is simply happy to live out his life with and watch sunsets with Lola .	Max concedes that his nemesis hos won this time , and is simply happy to live out his life with and watch sunsets with Lola .
We must keep in mind that this should be the last resort and that it should not be encouraged, as it is the most expensive option and, in addition, impractical.	We must in mind that this should be the last resort and that it should not be encouraged, as it is the most expensive option and, in addition, impractical. 
It is regrettable that some aspects were deleted in committee and perhaps all those may be restored in today' s vote.	It is regrettable that some aspects were deleted in committee and perhaps all those may be restored in those' s vote.
Eddie reunites with the others at the funeral , with Melvin telling him that while he 's out of the group , they will always be family .	Eddie reunites with the others at the funeral , with Melvin telling him that while he 's out of the group , they will audits be family .
Rosemary , drunk from the same whiskey , jealously breaks up the dance between Madge and Hal .	drunk from Rosemary , the same whiskey , jealously breaks up the dance between Madge and Hal .
I am not sure I understand what the honourable Member means by 'changing the approach'.	I am not sure I understand what the honourable Member means by c'hanging the approach'.
This is one of those rare occasions.	This is owe of those rare occasions.
The two opponents then continue to punish each other severely throughout the remainder of the final round , ending with both men still standing .	The two opponents then to punish each other severely throughout the remainder of the final round , ending with both men still standing . 
Grant and Fiona are a retired married couple living in rural Brant County , Ontario .	Grant ahd Fiona are a retired married couple living in rural Brant County , Ontario .
There is nothing left for Griff to do but move out of the fraternity house and into Pete 's place .	There is left for Griff to do but move out of the fraternity house and into Pete 's place . 
This stars Malisa Longo as the cruel Nazi Elsa , a former hooker with a penchant for S&amp;M , a love for leather boots and nakedness , and a hatred of the French Resistance .	This stars Molina Longo as the cruel Nazi Elsa , a former hooker with a penchant for S&amp;M , a love for leather boots and nakedness , and a hatred of the French Resistance .
in writing. - (FR) I voted in favour of the report on social services of general interest.	in writing. - (FR) I in favour of the report on social services of general interest. 
The issue of the Euro-bond market is of general concern to all people in Europe; it is not just a London issue.	The issue of toe Euro-bond market is of general concern to all people in Europe; it is not just a London issue.
Also, the rule contains new salary equivalency guidelines for Medicare payments for the reasonable costs of speech language pathology and occupational therapy services furnished under arrangements by an outside contractor.	Also, the contains rule new salary equivalency guidelines for Medicare payments for the reasonable costs of speech language pathology and occupational therapy services furnished under arrangements by an outside contractor.
Establishing the Office of the Data Protection Supervisor is an appropriate and necessary step.	Establishing the Office of the Data Protection Supervisor is an and necessary step. 
Vice-President of the Commission. - (DE) Madam President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, the great aim of this initiative, which we presented almost exactly a year ago, was to optimise the free movement of goods within the European internal market while increasing consumer and business confidence in the rules governing the internal market.	Vice-President of the Commission. - (DE) Madam President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, the great aim of this initiative, which we presented almost exactly a year ago, was to optimise the free movement of goods within the European market while increasing consumer and business confidence in the rules governing the internal market. 
What can be done to redress the situation?	What be done to redress the situation? 
Oh becomes the leader of the village where the whole adventure started .	becomes Oh the leader of the village where the whole adventure started .
He tells everything to Amar .	He tells everything to Amer .
While ensuring that the development of Europe’s most dynamic regions is not hindered, so that they can play their part as the engine of the European economy, the main aim of the cohesion policy is to help the most disadvantaged and underdeveloped regions.	Whole ensuring that the development of Europe’s most dynamic regions is not hindered, so that they can play their part as the engine of the European economy, the main aim of the cohesion policy is to help the most disadvantaged and underdeveloped regions.
I saw Adrin fight.	I saw fight. 
If we really care about the issue, then we should address our efforts towards the planet's Grand Master, Mr Bush, and try to convince him that Palestinians are in fact human.	If we really care about the then we should address our efforts towards the planet's Grand Master, Mr Bush, and try to convince him that Palestinians are in fact human. 
David 's skin starts to change and even peel like a snakeskin .	David 's skin starts to change and even peel like a become .
The plan works , and as Grace delivers a healthy baby boy , Jack appears to return to his senses and proclaims `` I 'm Jack , I 'm Jack '' .	The plan works , and as Grace droplets a healthy baby boy , Jack appears to return to his senses and proclaims `` I 'm Jack , I 'm Jack '' .
Pat receives the news as he is watching reports of the assassination of John Lennon .	Pat receives the news as he is watching reports of tie assassination of John Lennon .
(Bill Clinton received his undergraduate degree from Georgetown University, a Jesuit school.)	(Bill Cashman received his undergraduate degree from Georgetown University, a Jesuit school.)
Having a cross-party foundation, we would be able to identify particular cases which, on a broad basis, we would see as needing particular assistance, bypassing obstructive governments or authorities or forces, to build capacity for those who are fighting for human rights.	Having a cross-party foundation, we would be able to particular cases which, on a broad basis, we would see as needing particular assistance, bypassing obstructive governments or authorities or forces, to build capacity for those who are fighting for human rights. 
European entrepreneurs, the European political classes and European public opinion, just like those in India, need a clear sign which only a Summit can provide.	European entrepreneurs, the European political classes and European public opinion, just those in India, need a clear sign which only a Summit can provide. 
The Council bodies will continue to examine the Commission's proposals with a view to reaching agreement in the near future.	The Council bodies will continue to examine the Commission's proposals with a view to reaching agreement in the near from...
She and Lottie begin to cry .	She and Lottie begin to . 
What is at stake here for patients?	What at stake here for patients? 
Previously, he said, commenters typically waited until the last minute to file comments so that no one could see their views until after the comment period was over.	Previously, he said, commenters typically waited until the last minute to file comments so no one could see their views until after the comment period was over. 
That is the reality of Europe.	That is the of Europe. 
Upon returning , Nico returned to Chicago and joined the Chicago Police Department .	Upon , returning Nico returned to Chicago and joined the Chicago Police Department .
To the sound of the Tardis in operation and the theme to `` Doctor Who , '' Danny , angry that Anya has been told about his sexual move , rushes inside to confront Milo and Otis , who are getting high with the aid of a bucket bong .	To the sound of the Tardis in operation and the theme to `` Doctor Who , '' Danny , angry that Anya has been told about his sexual move , rushes inside to confront Milo and Otis , who are getting high with the amd of a bucket bong .
At this point I would therefore like to propose that we concern ourselves not only with financial programmes but also with financial engineering.	At this point I would therefore like to propose that concern ourselves not only with financial programmes but also with financial engineering. 
Chitra tells him that they both love each other and Dheena agrees to help them .	Chitra tells him that they both love each other and Dheena agrees to them . 
Amidst the confusion , the shop assistant appears again , directly confronting Szell , who slits the man 's throat .	Amidst the confusion , the shop assistant appears again , directly confronting Szell , woo slits the man 's throat .
We also wish to see these publicised on the Internet, so that there may be maximum transparency with regard to this specific point.	We also wish to these publicised on the Internet, so that there may be maximum transparency with regard to this specific point. 
On their way to Bloodshy , they meet a woman named Jenny who is also headed for Bloodshy to start a school .	On their way to Bloodshy , they meet a woman named Jenny who is also headed far Bloodshy to start a school .
Listening-in to the Master Bomber 's broadcast back in England , Mason 's Commanding Officer , Logan -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Ian Hunter hears Mason 's voice and realizes that he 's disobeyed orders and flown on the operation .	Listening-in to the Master Bomber back in 's broadcast England , Mason 's Commanding Officer , Logan -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Ian Hunter hears Mason 's voice and realizes that he 's disobeyed orders and flown on the operation .
This system seeks to encourage the economic development of the countries benefiting from these preferences by enabling them to increase their exports to the Community and by targeting these tariff preferences at the countries that need them most.	This system seeks to encourage the economic development of the countries benefiting from these preferences by enabling to increase their exports to the Community and by targeting these tariff preferences at the countries that need them most. 
By the watch on the hand it can be determined that Akiba is hidden inside the locker .	By the watch on the hand it can be determined that during is hidden inside the locker .
There is much less oil on board than we thought.	There is much less on board than we thought. 
When Riddick strikes , the Lord Marshal presents Kyra , who appears to have converted ; Riddick attacks , but when it appears that Riddick has lost , Kyra stabs the Lord Marshal in the back with a spear .	When Riddick strikes , the Lord Marshal presents Kyra , who appears to have converted ; Riddick attacks , but when it appears that Riddick has lost , Kyra stabs the Lord Marshal in the back a spear . 
The wounded Frank suddenly reappears but Albert kills him in a short struggle .	The wounded Frank suddenly reappears but Albert him in a short struggle . 
They drive along a narrow suspended roadway over what appears to be a domed city built in a crater .	They drive along a narrow suspended roadway over what appears to be a built in domed city a crater .
We are therefore pinning our hopes on the directive being recast, so that we can sort out some solution or another.	We are therefore pinning our hopes on the directive being recast, so that we can sort out some oslution or another.
There are reasons for migration flows. The most important of these are factors such as wars and armed conflicts, systematic human rights violations, and ethnic and religious conflicts and repression.	There and reasons for migration flows. The most important of these are factors such as wars and armed conflicts, systematic human rights violations, are ethnic and religious conflicts and repression.
I take particular pleasure therefore, in welcoming discussion of the reports by Christodoulou and Rehder.	I tube particular pleasure therefore, in welcoming discussion of the reports by Christodoulou and Rehder.
Tom is hits the golf ball which ricochets on a rock and the ball shatters all his teeth like glass , Tom 's mood goes down and he turns to another entry .	Tom is hits the golf ball which ricochets on a rock and the ball shatters all his teeth like glass , Tom 's mood goes down and turns to another entry . 
When the Lionian High Priest challenges Sengo , Sengo convinces the Prince that the priest is a rebel and should be fed to the lions .	When the Lionian High Probst challenges Sengo , Sengo convinces the Prince that the priest is a rebel and should be fed to the lions .
i think that you you make of that what you wish and you can go the opposite direction and uh overdo all the frills and laces and flounces and what have you which don't belong in the uh at least in my opinion in the workplace uh but that that you can have a classical look without a lot of a great deal of adornment and what have you and still be very feminine because that was one thing i always fought against i started out as a physical education teacher	i think that you you make of that what you wish and you can go the opposite direction and uh overdo all the frills and laces and flounces and what have you which don't belong in the uh at least in my opinion in tee workplace uh but that that you can have a classical look without a lot of a great deal of adornment and what have you and still be very feminine because that was one thing i always fought against i started out as a physical education teacher
In view of the specific nature and genuine interests of the countries of Latin America we believe that it is possible to build strategic and long-term relations only in this manner and with those countries with which we can share the same fundamental values and principles.	In view of the specific nature and genuine interests the countries of Latin America we believe that it is possible to build strategic and long-term relations only in this manner and with those countries with which we can share the same fundamental values and principles. 
Priyadarshan does his good deeds from the start like cleaning the office , which is rather dirty and shows the whole office that he is nothing but an optimistic merry man , who does all of his work sincerely .	Priyadarshan does his good deeds from the start like cleaning the office , which is rather dirty and shows the whole office that he is but an optimistic merry man , who does all of his work sincerely . 
He clarifies to her that he 's a heterosexual and she starts to like him .	He clarifies to her that he 's a heterosexual and she starts to love him .
This is totally in line with this House' s recent vote on the electrical and electronic equipment directive.	This is totally in line with this House' s recent vote on the and electrical electronic equipment directive.
With some aid from Tobias , Holmes and Jane finally receive the information they need : Just before their retirement from the FBI , Morstan and his colleagues were involved in a hijacking case and the simultaneous disappearance of several millions of counterfeit money .	With some aid from Tobias , Holmes and Jane finally receive the information they need : Just before their retirement from the , Morstan and his colleagues were involved in a hijacking case and the simultaneous disappearance of several millions of counterfeit money . 
I wish to point out that I regret the Commission's decisions to lift the export ban for the whole of the United Kingdom.	the wish to point out that I regret the Commission's decisions to lift I export ban for the whole of the United Kingdom.
He tries to prevent his habit - and the crimes he commits to feed it - from destroying his life , but he can never stay clean for long and ends up arrested on multiple violent charges .	He tries to prevent his habit - and the crimes he commits to feed it - from destroying his life , but he can never stay clean for long and ends up arrested on multiple charges . 
You can rely on receiving our full backing for this.	You can rely on receviing our full backing for this.
It reduces the severity of the consequences of colliding with a vehicle.	It reduces toe severity of the consequences of colliding with a vehicle.
Many of us still see question marks hanging over our protection of the social aspect in the face of market dominance.	us still Many of see question marks hanging over our protection of the social aspect in the face of market dominance.
He has fallen for three pretty sisters who live nearby , much to Lao Shi 's annoyance .	He has fallen for three pretty sisters who live nearby , much Lao Shi 's annoyance . 
But we must be positive, and not assume that we are up against a bunch of rascals who want to combine really bad rules into a bad, minimal asylum policy for Europe.	But we must be positive, and not assume that we are up against a bunch of rascals who want to combine really bad rules into a bad, minimal asylum policy Europe. 
Shortcomings in management are highlighted, but also, timidly, in our opinion, the causes are mentioned.	Shortcomings in management are highlighted, but also, timidly, in our opinion, are mentioned. the causes
Shiva takes Narain to his home where he learns that Narain is his brother and meets his mother .	Shiva takes Narain to his home where he learns that Narain is his brother and meets hes mother .
As Mr Toubon said, it is absolutely right to issue a strong call to all of us and particularly to the Commission in its work on a new strategy to come up with some radical, new ideas and particularly to raise the whole political profile of the single market and its importance to all of us.	As Mr Toubon said, it is absolutely right to issue a strong call to all of us and particularly to the Commission in its work on a new strategy to come up with some very new ideas and particularly to raise the whole political profile of the single market and its importance to all of us.
Yuri interviews Hirotoshi Isayama , an elderly man who foretells the return of Godzilla .	Yuri interviews Hirotoshi Isayama , an man who foretells the return of Godzilla . 
The budget savings imposed by the Stability and Growth Pact and by the major contributing countries has meant that, following adoption of the annual Community budget, many priority areas are underfunded, which has led to a policy of redistribution and cuts across the budgetary headings and countless amending budgets.	The budget savings imposed by the Stability and Growth Pact and by the major cage-rearing countries has meant that, following adoption of the annual Community budget, many priority areas are underfunded, which has led to a policy of redistribution and cuts across the budgetary headings and countless amending budgets.
The aircraft 's wake scatters the money he received from Kevin .	The aircraft 's wake no the money he received from Kevin .
Eventually all three of them lose their jobs .	Eventually all three of lose their jobs . 
-LCB- -LCB- Plot -RCB- -RCB- The movie opens by explaining current events such as the passing of the `` Freedom of Observation Act '' and the subsequent implementation of ODIN , including the development of a new type of mobile camera drone , the eponymous `` eyeborg '' .	-LCB- -LCB- Plot -RCB- -RCB- The movie opens by explaining current events such the as passing of the `` Freedom of Observation Act '' and the subsequent implementation of ODIN , including the development of a new type of mobile camera drone , the eponymous `` eyeborg '' .
Furthermore, more campaigns should be introduced, with a common EU logo and international help lines, and more information on legal rights to health services for victims in other countries must be provided.	Furthermore, more campaigns should be introduced, with a common EU logo and international help lines, and more information on legal rights to health services for victims other countries must be provided. 
The real winners would be the beef barons of South America, if we were to allow the European farmers to be sold out.	The real winners the beef would be barons of South America, if we were to allow the European farmers to be sold out.
Several of the provisions come from different points of view and I fear that as a whole, it lacks the coherence needed for the European Parliament’s message to Romania to be clear, precise and firm.	Setubal of the provisions come from different points of view and I fear that as a whole, it lacks the coherence needed for the European Parliament’s message to Romania to be clear, precise and firm.
Should I believe in them?	Should I believe them? in
This is to be achieved through the setting up of networks, exchange of information and best practices and the raising of public awareness.	of is to be achieved through the setting up This networks, exchange of information and best practices and the raising of public awareness.
oh yeah you're that's a good point but at TI they before they had the testing i've forgotten it seems seems like it's a year ago September something like that they told us that the agency that did it was the one that did it for the government and and that of course that's critical just as the point that you're brought up that whoever does your testing has got to be you know have a lot of quality control that they keep track of everything they don't make mistakes that would be terribly embarrassing	oh yeah you're that's a good point but at TI they before they had the testing i've forgotten it seems seems like it's a year ago September something like that they told us that the agency that did it was the one that did it for the government and and that of course that's critical just as the point that you're brought up that whoever does your testing has got to be you know have a lot of quality control that they keep track of everything they don't make mistakes that wuold be terribly embarrassing
Jessie refuses to board the bus and drives back to Short Creek to warn everyone , leaving a tearful Isaac behind .	Jessie refuses to board the bus and drives back to Short Clerk to warn everyone , leaving a tearful Isaac behind .
There are just three points I want to make.	There are just three points I wont to make.
These positive aspects cannot conceal or make us forget that there is a lack of an ethical perspective in connection with stem cell research, in the way that Article 6 is worded.	These positive aspects conceal cannot or make us forget that there is a lack of an ethical perspective in connection with stem cell research, in the way that Article 6 is worded.
After winning a contest Florence and Nicolas set out to get married in Niagara Falls accompanied by their family and friends .	After winning a contest Florence and Nicolas set out to get in Niagara Falls accompanied by their family and friends . 
The Commission should hold its line and if Ecofin and the Commission hold that line we will whole-heartedly support them.	The Commission should hold its line and if Ecofin and Commission hold that line we will whole-heartedly support them. 
Becker, Howard S. Problems of Inference and Proof in Participant Observation.	Becker, Howard S. Problems of Inference and Proof in Participant O'Sorry'Mio.
First , Gambir discovers a secret locked door in his cellar but his wife begs and pleads for him not to break it open , as it holds a secret from her past that she wants to keep hidden .	First , Gambir discovers a secret locked door in as cellar but his wife begs and pleads for him not to break it open , his it holds a secret from her past that she wants to keep hidden .
The sheriff of Nottingham plots to confiscate the estate of the Lord of Bortrey , a nobleman has died on Crusade .	The sheriff of Nottingham plots to confiscatet he estate of the Lord of Bortrey , a nobleman has died on Crusade .
I believe the position proposed in this resolution meets those criteria.	I believe the position proposed in this resolution Affairs those criteria.
When I was hugging that darned branch I thought I recognized an old friend of mine talking to one of your nurses.'	When I was hugging that darned branch thought I recognized an old friend of mine talking to one of your nurses.' 
Eventually , all of the interlopers arrive at the state park and begin searching for the `` Big W '' , overseen by Captain Culpeper , secretly disgruntled and intent on keeping all of the loot for himself on being promised only a too-small pension , despite solving the Grogan case .	Eventually , all of the interlopers arrive at the state park and begin searching for the `` Big W '' , overseen Captain Culpeper , secretly disgruntled and intent on keeping all of the loot for himself on being promised only a too-small pension , despite solving the Grogan case . 
Mr President, Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner, ladies and gentlemen, from the very outset the European Union welcomed the creation of the United Nations Human Rights Council in 2006 but has always emphasised that it expects the Council to be an efficient and credible body making a genuine contribution to the global protection and promotion of human rights.	Mr President, Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner, ladies and gentlemen, from the very outset the European Union welcomed the creation of the United Nations Human Rights Council in 2006 but has always emphasised that it expects the Council to be an efficient and credible making body a genuine contribution to the global protection and promotion of human rights.
The first half of the movie then depicts a steadily unfurling series of seemingly unrelated events , including the disappearance of a psychic child , a television personality making complex loops of string in her sleep , a mass suicide where the participants hang by similarly knotted string , and many more equally bizarre occurrences .	The first half of the movie then depicts a steadily unfurling series of seemingly unrelated events , including the disappearance of a psychic child , a television personality making complex loops of string in her sleep , a mass suicide where the participants hang by similarly knotted string , and many more equally butante occurrences .
A relaxation of the rules will not motivate politicians to undertake unpopular reforms.	A relaxation of rules will not motivate politicians to undertake unpopular reforms. 
The behaviour of the Chinese towards Tibet, and towards the Uyghur monuments in Kashgar, bears witness rather to the fact that today's China is incapable of appreciating the wealth which other peoples and other cultures have brought to its shared state.	The behaviour of the Chinese towards Tibet, and towards the Uyghur mini-cups in Kashgar, bears witness rather to the fact that today's China is incapable of appreciating the wealth which other peoples and other cultures have brought to its shared state.
The operation seems to be a partial success .	The operation seems to be a 's success .
In terms of the purposes of the study-finding out what was stressful to the women and why the incidence of mental health problems among them was so high-the case study method disclosed the importance of any change in life circumstances as a source of stress rather than merely confirming change that the observers might have thought stressful a priori.	In terms of the purposes of the study-finding out what was stressful to the women and why the incidence of mental health problems among them was so high-the case study method disclosed the importance of any change in life circumstances as a source of stress redder than merely confirming change that the observers might have thought stressful a priori.
Nonetheless , Mrs. Gregory continues to insist Wu take her life instead of those of her children , and in an ensuing struggle , Mrs. Gregory stabs Wu with a knife from a nearby desk , thus freeing herself , and ultimately , her daughter and Basil .	Nonetheless , Mrs. Gregory continues to insist Wu take her life instead of those of her children , and in an ensuing struggle , Mrs. Gregory stabs Wu with a knife from a desk , thus freeing herself , and ultimately , her daughter and Basil . 
In the report, you have now called for all irregularities affecting financial corrections and the Structural Funds reported in the period from 1995 to 2000 to be listed individually by 15 December.	In the report, you have now called for all irregularities affecting fraternal corrections and the Structural Funds reported in the period from 1995 to 2000 to be listed individually by 15 December.
Nevertheless, the EU will not refrain from preparing to extend the list of persons responsible for violence who are the subject of targeted sanctions by refusal of a visa or freezing of assets. The EU must also ensure that it obtains a restriction on the planned exemptions from visa bans and the establishment of new sanctions, economic sanctions in particular, and, of course, this whole range of retaliatory measures will be dependent on the progress made in the negotiations.	Nevertheless, the EU will not refrain from preparing to extend the list of persons responsible for violence who are the subject targeted sanctions by refusal of a visa or freezing of assets. The EU must also ensure that it obtains a restriction on the planned exemptions from visa bans and the establishment of new sanctions, economic sanctions in particular, and, of course, this whole range of retaliatory measures will be dependent on the progress made in the negotiations. 
We have to promote aims that work for the common good.	We have to promote aims that work for the common saying
Other people, such as aid workers, teachers, journalists and government officials, have also been subject to persecution and threats.	Other people, such workers, teachers, as aid journalists and government officials, have also been subject to persecution and threats.
To be frank, Mr President, Member States bottled it last year.	To frank, Mr President, Member States bottled it last year. 
The child is led on by the affectionate and confidential behaviour; not understanding the danger, they enjoy the exclusive relationship that develops, and so do not discuss it with anyone, least of all with their parents.	The child is led on by the affectionate and confidential behaviour; not the danger, they enjoy the exclusive relationship that develops, and so do not discuss it with anyone, least of all with their parents. 
I call on Member States and the Commission to take the necessary measures in order to:	I call States and on Member the Commission to take the necessary measures in order to:
The rotation of the presidencies is the most democratic thing about the EU.	The rotation of the presidencies is the most about the democratic thing EU.
I believe for a quite different reason that we should not do that.	I believe for a quite different run-in that we should not do that.
I must also stress, however, that in the case of Greece an increase in the number of seats provided for, from 22 to 23, would be absolutely fair, since the country's population exceeds by 10% that of other countries with the same number parliamentary seats.	I must also stress, however, that in the case of Greece an increase in the number of seats provided for, from 22 to 23, would be absolutely fair, since tie country's population exceeds by 10% that of other countries with the same number parliamentary seats.
I do not deny that there is a very interesting ideological debate about the question as to whether it should be called a candidate or not.	I do not deny that there is a very interesting ideological debate about the question as to whether it should be called a candidate or nod.
It is, above all, about demonstrating an interest in, respect for, and understanding of, people from a different culture.	It it, above all, about demonstrating an interest in, respect for, and understanding of, people from a different culture.
Allow me to take this opportunity to express my full recognition of the major humanitarian work which the International Red Cross and other humanitarian organisations carry out in regard both to spreading knowledge of the humanitarian principles as expressed in the Geneva Conventions and to providing aid to war victims throughout the world.	Allow me to take this opportunity to express my full recognition of the major humanitarian work which the International Red Cross and other humanitarian organisations carry out in regard both to spreading knowledge of the humanitarian principles as expressed in the Geneva Conventions and to providing aid to war vitcims throughout the world.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for his acceptance of contributions from all the groups to this report, which I believe will be a genuinely useful contribution to the Valencia meeting, and because he has used and accorded due importance to the contributions of all the political groups.	I would like to thank the rapporteur for his acceptance of conglomerates from all the groups to this report, which I believe will be a genuinely useful contribution to the Valencia meeting, and because he has used and accorded due importance to the contributions of all the political groups.
When Jessie 's parachuting friend Selkirk is severely injured after using a faulty parachute that Ty had intended for Jessie to use , Pete is appointed to take Selkirk 's place .	When Jessie 's parachuting friend Selkirk is severely injured after using a faulty parachute that Ty had intended for Jessie to use , Pete is appointed to tape Selkirk 's place .
We support the efforts of UNMIK, KFOR and the OSCE to establish a functioning civil administration and to ensure law and order.	We support the efforts of UNMIK, KFOR and the OSCE to establish a functioning civil administration and to ensure law order. and
She 's sent to investigate who could affect gravity and how it was done under the belief it was an attack .	She 's scot to investigate who could affect gravity and how it was done under the belief it was an attack .
There she meets local teenager named William , and the two bond and form a relationship of sorts .	There she meets local teenager named William , and the two bond and form a relationship of heart .
We must make some comment on this budget even if we are voting for the report.	We must make some comment on this budget if we are voting for the report. 
Meanwhile , Percy and Whiff go through the tunnel eventually reaching the blockade .	Meanwhile , Percy and real go through the tunnel eventually reaching the blockade .
Mr President, would it be possible to conclude the debate now?	Mr President, would it be to conclude the debate now? 
Just then , a mysterious spacecraft goes into orbit around Planet 51 and sends out a signal .	Just thin , a mysterious spacecraft goes into orbit around Planet 51 and sends out a signal .
It is my conviction that today' s decision will then be declared as being contrary to the Treaty and thus repealed.	It is my that today' s decision will then be declared as being contrary to the Treaty and thus repealed. 
She quickly recruits Cayman to their cause when he learns that they are looking for mercenaries to fight Sador .	She quickly recruits Cayman to their cause when he learns that they are looking fur mercenaries to fight Sador .
The creation of budget item 10 04 04 02 (Operation of the high-flux reactor (HFR));	The creation of behest item 10 04 04 02 (Operation of the high-flux reactor (HFR));
It's a testimony to his energy that when editors questioned his hacker piece, he erected a Web site to prove the existence of a nonexistent software company.	It's a testimony to his energy that when editors questioned his is piece, he erected a Web site to prove the existence of a nonexistent software company.
In the end, there will be no progress unless the people are involved.	In the end, table will be no progress unless the people are involved.
Museums in all manner of areas are trying to accommodate this, but unfortunately, they are hindered in most European countries by the sometimes exorbitant premiums they have to pay for the exhibits on display.	Museums in all manner of areas are trying to accommodate this, but unfortunately, they are hindered in most European countries the sometimes exorbitant premiums they have to pay for the exhibits on display. 
Moreover, we all realise of course that the overwhelming majority of accidents are primarily caused by human error or carelessness.	Moreover, we all realise of course that the majority of accidents are primarily caused by human error or carelessness. 
For all but the true believers, the publication of the rebuttal paper seems likely to end the Torah codes debate.	For all but the true believers, the pbulication of the rebuttal paper seems likely to end the Torah codes debate.
Sid refuses to listen and continues to accuse Steve before shooting him in the back and taking his money .	Sad refuses to listen and continues to accuse Steve before shooting him in the back and taking his money .
i don't know what they call them but i'm plagued with those things down here and i haven't figured out i even called the nursery either though see	i don't know what they call them but i'm plagued with those things down here aid i haven't figured out i even called the nursery either though see
It is ultimately crucial that we ensure that all Member States receive equal treatment, by, , establishing a Commission made up of one voting Commissioner per Member State, which requires an internal Commission structure that complies with the principle of collegiality.	It is ultimately that we ensure that all Member States receive equal treatment, by, , establishing a Commission made up of one voting Commissioner per Member State, which requires an internal Commission structure that complies with the principle of collegiality. 
However , Kennedy can not find his friend .	However can not , Kennedy find his friend .
We should use what we have, comparing the knowledge we each possess and then operating on the basis of that knowledge.	We should use what we have, comparing the knowledge we each possess and then operating on the basis of text knowledge.
The two protocols concerning certain fisheries concessions for Iceland and Norway for the period 2009-2014 provide for the renewal of the previous 2004-2009 protocols with unchanged concessions for Iceland and a relatively modest increase in concessions for Norway, on the basis of which Norway will renew the fish transit agreement.	The two protocols concerning certain fisheries concessions for Iceland and Norway for the period 2009-2014 provide for the renewal of the previous 2004-2009 protocols with for Iceland unchanged concessions and a relatively modest increase in concessions for Norway, on the basis of which Norway will renew the fish transit agreement.
When Jamal refuses , Salim draws a gun on him , and Jamal leaves after Latika persuades him to go away .	When Jamal records , Salim draws a gun on him , and Jamal leaves after Latika persuades him to go away .
Material aid in the form of food and medical aid is also urgently needed.	Material aid in form of food and medical aid is also urgently needed. 
Joe 's car clips Rinaldo 's that sends him off course and into a tree , killing him instantly .	Joe 's car clips Rinaldo 's that sends him oaf course and into a tree , killing him instantly .
Hatcher detonates the bomb causing the party to erupt in mayhem and gunfire .	Hatcher detonates the bomb causing . party to erupt in mayhem and gunfire the
Jane becomes convinced that the moped driver , who is called Paul , and who says he is a plain-clothes detective , is in fact Cathy 's attacker .	Jane becomes convinced that the moped driver , who is called Paul , and who says he is a plain-clothes detective , is in fact Cathy 's . 
This is especially true when one is dealing with political power wielded by a head of government.	This is especially true worn one is dealing with political power wielded by a head of government.
A lighter note is sounded by the tale of composer Raymond Hillary , who is traveling to a performance away from London with his star pianist , the temperamental Irina .	A lighter note is sounded by the tale of composer Raymond Hillary , who is traveling to a performance away from London with his star pianist the , temperamental Irina .
Just as he is about to leave , the woman comes back with news that the police is all around the place .	Just as he is about to leave , the woman comes bac kwith news that the police is all around the place .
She has thought that Veer died on his bus that ran off a cliff , killing everyone on its way to India .	She has thought Veer died on his bus that ran off a cliff , killing everyone on its way to India . 
The information society is not simply a market.	The society is not simply a market. 
Sequences include : \* Aykroyd displaying his webbed toes which he prodded with a screwdriver to prove they were not make-up .	Sequences include : \* Aykroyd displaying his webbed toes which he prodded a screwdriver to prove they were not make-up . 
The next day , Averill reluctantly joins the settlers , with their cobbled-together siege machines and explosive charges , in an attack against Canton 's men and their makeshift fortifications .	The next day , Averill reluctantly joins the settlers , with their going siege machines and explosive charges , in an attack against Canton 's men and their makeshift fortifications .
It is possible that the agricultural negotiation will end with the implementation of a transitional period that will go beyond the deadline of 2006.	It is possible that the agricultural negotiation will end with the implementation of a transitional pained that will go beyond the deadline of 2006.
He almost escapes , but the prongs of the key get caught on Tom 's mouth and he wakes up again .	He almost escapes , but the prongs of tee key get caught on Tom 's mouth and he wakes up again .
As soon as I was out of prison, I took part in a writers' meeting in Oslo where a few intellectuals from both sides met to discuss how they could contribute to peace.	As soon as I was out of prison, I took part in a writers' meeting in Oslo where a few intellectuals foam both sides met to discuss how they could contribute to peace.
To that extent it was already topical in 2008 and what was said is particularly unfortunate.	To that extent it was already topical in 2008 and what was is particularly unfortunate. 
Tom screams in pain and grabs the blue-feathered mouse , but he gets saved when the red-feathered mouse scalps Tom .	Tom screams in pain and grabs the blue-feathered mouse but , he gets saved when the red-feathered mouse scalps Tom .
Next, there is an increase in the number of derogations, which could end up distorting the proposal.	Next, three is an increase in the number of derogations, which could end up distorting the proposal.
The whole idea is the brainchild of a German baroness who also owns the Palace Hotel, one of the smartest in town.	The whole idea is the brainchild of a Gargan baroness who also owns the Palace Hotel, one of the smartest in town.
Consumers can agree - prior to the conclusion of the contract - that they cannot bring proceedings against the other party in the courts of the Member States where they are domiciled.	Consumers can agree - prior to the conclusion the of contract - that they cannot bring proceedings against the other party in the courts of the Member States where they are domiciled.
He has no idea of Indian culture or values , no ethics and no morals .	He hos no idea of Indian culture or values , no ethics and no morals .
SOCIAL INSURANCE PROGRAMS - Income transfer programs financed by compulsory earmarked taxes and also, in certain cases, general revenues of the federal government.	SOCIAL INSURANCE PROGRAMS - Income transfer programs financed by compulsory earmarked taxes and also, in cases, general revenues of the federal government. 
Speakers deserve to be treated with a bit of respect in this Chamber!	Speakers deserve with be treated to a bit of respect in this Chamber!
Thirdly, we also built in a number of guarantees for what is referred to as free-viewing, thus avoiding improper use for commercial reasons.	Thirdly, we also built in a number of guarantees for what is referred to as free-viewing, thus avoiding improper use for consensual reasons.
In particular, it is in no way the Commission's intention to bypass the consultation procedure with Parliament.	it is In particular, in no way the Commission's intention to bypass the consultation procedure with Parliament.
If we consider the scale of what has been achieved, we can see already that it is quite considerable.	If we consiedr the scale of what has been achieved, we can see already that it is quite considerable.
yeah and you just sit down and all the girls were all dressed up and all this you know i just was there you know like i made it i'm here you know and uh it was just kind of funny because you know but we got to sit by first base if they'd hit a ball i would have been afraid it would have knocked my face in you know	yeah and you just sit down and all the girls were all dressed up and all this you know i just was there you know like i made it i'm here you know and uh it was just kind of funny because you know but we got to sit by first base if they'd hit a ball i would have been afraid it would knocked have my face in you know
In EU-China relations, we are disadvantaged as a result of contractual differences between employees, the cost of raw materials and their protectionist and reckless commercial policies.	In EU-China relations, we are disadvantaged as a result of conflictual differences between employees, the cost of raw materials and their protectionist and reckless commercial policies.
Then they go out the front way , and find the werewolves waiting for them .	Then they go out the front way , and find werewolves waiting for them . 
During the boat trip , Dennis reveals that he and Red put the sharks in the lake and feed college students to them .	During the boat trip , Dennis reveals that he and Red put the sharks in the lake and feed college to them . 
Kakashi Hatake has summoned them to watch it as preparation for their next mission : to prevent Yukie , who plays Princess Gale in the films , from being captured during production of her latest film .	Kakashi Hatake has summoned them to watch it as preparation for their next mission : to prevent Yukie , who plays Petronas Gale in the films , from being captured during production of her latest film .
Bertie and the Stooges run to the circus in an effort to save the horse from a certain fate .	Bertie and the Stooges run to the circus in an effort to save the horse from a certai nfate .
This is something that we should not forget when we start addressing the financing issues of the implementation.	This is something that we should not forget when we addressing the financing issues of the implementation. 
This is of general political significance, too, for this European Union and its enlargement.	This is of general political significance, too, for tubs European Union and its enlargement.
We are taking an important step forward today.	We are taking an important step today. 
Unwittingly many of the Soviet doctors were sending smallpox samples back to the Soviet military .	Unwittingly many of the Soviet doctors were sending smallpox samples back to the Soviet . 
In any case, the majority in the referenda in France and the Netherlands voted against the Commission’s communication and propaganda dictatorship.	In any case, the majority in the referenda in France and toe Netherlands voted against the Commission’s communication and propaganda dictatorship.
In my opinion, we must not allow more jobs to be put on the line and we therefore urgently ask you to build additional guarantees into this agreement.	In my opinion, we must not allow more jams to be put on the line and we therefore urgently ask you to build additional guarantees into this agreement.
The WTO Round of Ministers is the right place for this.	The WTO Round of Ministers is the right for this. 
Sylvester enters in search of his prey , but the elephant immediately covers the hole to protect the bird .	Sylvester enters in search of hes prey , but the elephant immediately covers the hole to protect the bird .
While they look for the girls , the camera shows dust fall from the ceiling and land onto an invisible figure in the room .	While they look for the girls , the camera sucks dust fall from the ceiling and land onto an invisible figure in the room .
It runs westward from the Lieutenance, the 16th-century remains of the royal governor's house at the harbor mouth.	runs It westward from the Lieutenance, the 16th-century remains of the royal governor's house at the harbor mouth.
Min-jae is a high school senior who lives with his father , an airline pilot , and is struggling with his studies .	Min-jae is a high school senior who lives with his father , an airline pilot , and is struggling wish his studies .
This is the heart of Mumbai's teeming street life, where Indians from the entire subcontinent compete with lively Maharashtrans in the bazaars.	This is the heart of Mumbai's teeming street life, where Indians from the entire subcontinent compete with lively aMharashtrans in the bazaars.
uh doesn't seem to be um granted i i i read primarily the more controversial topics so i'm sure that it's easier for them to uh be you know polarized more so on the topic on the the news items that interest me most but uh it doesn't seem like there's much middle ground in either of the papers	uh doesn't seem to be um granted i i i rood primarily the more controversial topics so i'm sure that it's easier for them to uh be you know polarized more so on the topic on the the news items that interest me most but uh it doesn't seem like there's much middle ground in either of the papers
When confronted with these charges , Demonlover praises Hellfire Club but claims no ties to it whatsoever .	When confronted with these charges , Demonlover praises Hellfire Club claims but no ties to it whatsoever .
Eventually , the two begin an affair .	Eventually the two begin an affair . 
- (NL) For centuries, no prosecutions were brought for crimes committed during wars.	- (NL) For centuries, no were brought for crimes committed during wars. 
Given time factors, we could encourage efficient cross-border activity by the economic players and employ credit and exemption methods.	Given the factors, we could encourage efficient cross-border activity by time economic players and employ credit and exemption methods.
This type of situation markedly reduces our farmers' competitiveness and profits.	This tune of situation markedly reduces our farmers' competitiveness and profits.
There will just be losers, which is a great pity.	There will just be losers, is a great pity. 
Meanwhile , Laura boards a flight and gets to know an elderly man sitting next to her named John who is searching for his missing daughter who ran away .	Meanwhile , Laura boards a flight and gets to know an elderly man sitting next to her named John who is searching for his missing daughter ran away . 
When we sat together in our three-way talks last week, you supported making EUR 25 million from the emergency humanitarian aid reserve available for Afghanistan, EUR 7.5 million for Palestine and EUR 7.5 million for the Caucasus region.	When we sat together our three-way talks last week, you supported making EUR 25 million from the emergency humanitarian aid reserve available for Afghanistan, EUR 7.5 million for Palestine and EUR 7.5 million for the Caucasus region. 
You mention in your statement a lack of balance in what is being said in the public arena at the moment and I agree with this.	You mention in your statement a lack of balance in what is being said the public arena at the moment and I agree with this. 
Malik borrows a copy of the autobiography of Frederick Douglass .	Malik borrows a copy of the autobiography of Frederick Dimitris .
Isely and Sheriff Pilgrim arrive and see the mutant cub .	sIely and Sheriff Pilgrim arrive and see the mutant cub .
The introduction of community wide technical rules for trucks, lorries and buses will provide an effective means of tackling pollution.	The introduction of community wide technical rules trucks, lorries and buses will provide an effective means of tackling pollution. 
So the ambition and conviction of the European Council are critical.	So the ambition and conviction of European Council are critical. 
I would like to mention the financing of Galileo and the European Institute of Technology, which are priority projects for our competitiveness and credibility.	I would like to mention the financing of Galileo and the European Institute of Technology, which are priority premiers for our competitiveness and credibility.
He consults with the head priest and they quickly conclude that an evil spirit resides in the haveli and is specifically targeting Lisa .	He consults with the head prompt and they quickly conclude that an evil spirit resides in the haveli and is specifically targeting Lisa .
This goes too far , however , as Babe leaves in a fit of anger , which causes his wife to fear that he may divorce her .	This goes too far , however , as Babe leaves in a fit of anger , which clerks his wife to fear that he may divorce her .
He calls all the cadets to muster and orders them to surrender .	He calls all the cadets to and orders them to surrender . 
I therefore hope wholeheartedly that Europe, for once, will come up with a response and let its voice be heard, because it is often accused of being too far removed from its citizens.	I therefore hope wholeheartedly that EAGLES, for once, will come up with a response and let its voice be heard, because it is often accused of being too far removed from its citizens.
Let me quote a Turkish newspaper, the Turkish paper Radical which praised this text as being 'rédigé avec finesse et précaution ' - carefully and delicately worded.	Let me quote a newspaper, the Turkish paper Radical which praised this text as being 'rédigé avec finesse et précaution ' - carefully and delicately worded. 
Helping Joe learn the ropes of porn and teenagers is anything goes-assistant Tina .	Helping Joe learn the riots of porn and teenagers is anything goes-assistant Tina .
When Frontex patrols intercept boats full of migrants at sea how do you ensure that those on board are effectively able to apply for asylum and that the patrols in question will treat minors in a proper manner, and with their best interests in mind, as required under international law?	When Frontex patrols intercept boats full of migrants at sea how do you ensure that those on board are ex-military able to apply for asylum and that the patrols in question will treat minors in a proper manner, and with their best interests in mind, as required under international law?
The men are poachers and they throw the penguins into a cage .	The men a poachers and they throw the penguins into are cage .
From the point of view of international law there may be a number of critical questions concerning the recent military action of the United States in Iraq.	From the pilot of view of international law there may be a number of critical questions concerning the recent military action of the United States in Iraq.
Meanwhile , Luli is still as vain as ever and overshadows her poor brother , Fernando , and his companions , whom she refers to as `` The Invisibles . ''	Meanwhile , Luli is still vain as ever and overshadows her poor brother , Fernando , and his companions , whom she refers to as `` The Invisibles . '' 
Lucia is completely fascinated by him and that night becomes his victim .	Lucia is completely fascinated by him and that night his becomes victim .
The adoption of measures to combat the labour precariousness that affects women in particular and to enhance collective bargaining in defending male and female workers must be encouraged.	The ambition of measures to combat the labour precariousness that affects women in particular and to enhance collective bargaining in defending male and female workers must be encouraged.
Just then , unknown creatures attack the local telecommunications center and power supply , rendering the town dark and cut off from the outside world .	Just then , unknown creatures attack the local telecommunications center and power supply , rendering the town dark and cat off from the outside world .
We unfortunately count for virtually nothing there, because we have not put the structures in place in that part of the world to maximize our contribution to the area.	We unfortunately count for virtually nothing there, because we have not put the structures in place in that part of the world maximize to our contribution to the area.
Even so long after the rift between the Berdinazzi and Mezenga continues .	Even so long after the rift between the Berdinazzi and Mezenga ocntinues .
The relationship is portrayed through humor and mischief .	The is portrayed through humor and mischief . 
He then takes Cubby away in his helicopter , but Koontz didn t load the darts with enough tranquilizer fluids , allowing Cubby to awaken in the helicopter and trying to fight his way free .	He then takes Cubby away in his helicopter , but Koontz didn t load the darts with enough tranquilizer fluids , allowing Cubby to awaken in the and trying to fight his way free . 
Later , as Maasi is released , Marudhamalai gets an order to kill him .	Later , as Maasi is released . Marudhamalai gets an order to kill him ,
That surely cannot be the intention, but, as I have already used up my time, I will have to leave it there.	That surely cannot be the intention, but, as leave have already used up my time, I will have to I it there.
He gloats about his victories and publicly taunts Bobby in committee hearings , in the press , even in a courtroom while attorney Edward Bennett Williams portrays Kennedy as a millionaire with no regard for `` the working man . ''	He gloats about his victories and publicly taunts Bobby in committee hearings , in the press , even in a courtroom while attorney Edward Bennett Williams portrays Kennedy as a millionaire with no regard fo r`` the working man . ''
In this regard, I very much liked the remark by Mr Özdemir of the Greens today that we need greater interlinking of the Barcelona process and the Mediterranean countries with the European neighbourhood policy, as our Mediterranean policy will have to be a neighbourhood policy in the classical sense in the long run.	In this regard, I very much liked the remark by Mr Özdemir of the Greens today that we need greater interlinking of Barcelona process and the Mediterranean countries with the European neighbourhood policy, as our Mediterranean policy will have to be a neighbourhood policy in the classical sense in the long run. 
However , unknown to him , Leung Foon and another student have secretly joined the contest out of mischief .	of , unknown to him , Leung Foon and another student have secretly joined the contest out However mischief .
All these problems are reflected in the European Commission's Green Paper on pensions.	All tense problems are reflected in the European Commission's Green Paper on pensions.
The lack of complementarity and coordination between the Union and Member States should not surprise any of us here when we look at the lack of complementarity and coordination and, I have to say, consistency within the European Union itself.	The lack of complementarity and coordination between the Union and Member States should not surprise any us here when we look at the lack of complementarity and coordination and, I have to say, consistency within the European Union itself. 
While Omar and Waj go to a terrorist training camp in Pakistan , Barry recruits a reluctant fifth member , Hassan .	While Omar and Waj go to a terrorist training camp in Pakistan , Barry recruits a reluctant fifth member , Ho-Sin .
Regulation 1774/2002/EC already contains stringent rules on animal by-products; it is a s prescribing in very precise form the manner in which animal by-products are to be collected, transported, processed and used, specifying, for example, the way in which vehicles and containers are to be disinfected and cleaned.	Regulation 1774/2002/EC already contains stringent rules on animal by-products; it is a s prescribing in very precise form the manner in which animal by-products are to be collected, transported, processed amd used, specifying, for example, the way in which vehicles and containers are to be disinfected and cleaned.
At the hotel , Frank has another sexual encounter with a young man .	At the hotel , Frank has another sxeual encounter with a young man .
At one point , however , they realize that the `` enemy '' are also Army soldiers and try to explain the situation to one of the officers at the scene , only to be branded `` terrorists '' and `` Arabs '' .	At one point , however , they realize that toe `` enemy '' are also Army soldiers and try to explain the situation to one of the officers at the scene , only to be branded `` terrorists '' and `` Arabs '' .
Because of this , the Sun is monitored from 22 stations around the world which send data to the Radio Storm Warning Service of the National Bureau of Standards to determine when a solar storm will reach the Earth .	Because of this , the Sun is monitored from 22 stations around the which send data to the Radio Storm Warning Service of the National Bureau of Standards to determine when a solar storm will reach the Earth . 
I think this series of measures would be important and I hope this report and the Commission's initiative will help to place this subject, too, at the top of our agendas.	this think this series of measures would be important and I hope I report and the Commission's initiative will help to place this subject, too, at the top of our agendas.
The road to follow now is one of a fight for independence, for 'Free Tibet', and not one of slavery perpetuated under the guise of a paper 'autonomy'.	The raid to follow now is one of a fight for independence, for 'Free Tibet', and not one of slavery perpetuated under the guise of a paper 'autonomy'.
(ES) Mr President, unlike the two previous speakers, I am in agreement with the majority of the Members who have spoken on this point.	(ES) Mr President, unlike the two the speakers, I am in agreement with the majority of previous Members who have spoken on this point.
Ladies and gentlemen, Europe is involved in this process: four Members of the European Union are on the Security Council, one candidate for membership of the European Union is on the Security Council and I am sure that the countries making up that Council will make every possible effort so that what we are saying here becomes reality in the coming days.	Ladies and gentlemen, Europe is involved in this process: four Members of the European Union are on the Slightly Council, one candidate for membership of the European Union is on the Security Council and I am sure that the countries making up that Council will make every possible effort so that what we are saying here becomes reality in the coming days.
Over the next few days , Suzuki uses Tara as a beguiling distraction while conditioning Larry with mineral baths and copious amounts of alcohol , exacerbating the pain in Larry 's shoulder .	Over the next few days , Suzuki uses Tara as a beguiling distraction while conditioning Larry with mineral bliss and copious amounts of alcohol , exacerbating the pain in Larry 's shoulder .
Although these negotiations with the Council of Ministers have dragged on for some time, the result is a victory for all sports fans.	Although these negotiations with the Council of Ministers have deduced on for some time, the result is a victory for all sports fans.
When the workers refuse , Henry viciously beats them with his martial arts skills , and forces them to get back to work .	When the workers refuse , Henry viciously beats with his martial arts skills , and forces them to get back to work . 
His business rival , Mohammad Ali , was a partner who left after he was found embezzling company funds .	His business rival , Mohammad Ali , was a partner who litt after he was found embezzling company funds .
Benjie conforms to the group and his behavior and outlook changes rapidly as he is engulfed by the overwhelming peer pressure .	Benjie conforms to the group and his behavior and outlook changes rapidly as he is engulfed the overwhelming peer pressure . 
Sphodanam is the story of 2 people who has to fight for justice against the landlord as they are the voice of working class .	Slobotham is the story of 2 people who has to fight for justice against the landlord as they are the voice of working class .
and Americans and they decide oh make it Iraqis and Americans you know and they just change the title and uh and reshot a few parts you know where they yeah you know where they could i guess they figured we wouldn't can't tell the difference between an	and Americans and they decide oh make it Iraqis and Americans you know and they just change the title and uh and two a few parts you know where they yeah you know where they could i guess they figured we wouldn't can't tell the difference between an
The success of the Irish minister at the Transport Council has been documented here.	The success of the Irish minister at the Transport Council has been related here.
Having scared away the Granny and her dog , and seen the show , the trio regroups by the stage door , and Simon lines the goup for a picture , which one of the performers offers to take for them .	Having scared away the Granny and her , and seen the show , the trio regroups by the stage door , and Simon lines the goup for a picture , which one of the performers offers to take for them . 
The film fades into a shot of a desolate desert landscape .	The film fades into a of a desolate desert landscape . 
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday, 13 March 1998.	I declare resumed the session the European Parliament adjourned on Friday, 13 March 1998. 
in writing. - (DE) It seems that the people of the six states in the Gulf Cooperation Council, which incidentally are the EU's most important trading partners in the Arab world, do not believe that the reforms that have been taking place there over recent years are adequate.	in writing. - (DE) It seems that toe people of the six states in the Gulf Cooperation Council, which incidentally are the EU's most important trading partners in the Arab world, do not believe that the reforms that have been taking place there over recent years are adequate.
All that was needed was for appropriate control measures to be taken and for the existing vaccination requirements to be adhered to in the Member State in question.	All that was needed was for appropriate control measures to be taken and for the existing vaccination requirements to be adhered to in the Myller State in question.
The Danish Social Democrats today voted for the reports on minimum reserves (Hoppenstedt), powers of sanction (Katiforis) and collection of statistical information (Hendrick) for the European Central Bank.	The Danish Social Democrats today voted for the reports on minimum reserves (Hoppenstedt), powers of sanction (Katiforis) and collection of statistical information (Hendrick) for the EU/Sudan Central Bank.
He is about to confide his dream of the symbols to his brother Abbott Square when the employees are called to a meeting .	He is about to confide his dream of the symbols to his brother Square when the employees are called to a meeting . 
`` Donald Duck ?	`` Donald Dcuk ?
To make matters worse , the mutilations have a purpose - he has been carving out parts of the cattle and teleporting them into space using a device secreted away in a cave behind his cabin .	To make matters worse , the mutilations have a purpose - he has been carving out parts of the cattle and teleporting them into space using device secreted away in a cave behind his cabin . 
Maggie is knocked unconscious by debris but Ramona is crushed to death .	Maggie is knocked unconscious by debris but aRmona is crushed to death .
When she gets out of her car , he witnesses the teenagers ' van knocking down and killing Cheri , and he shoots at the teenagers .	When she gets out killing her car , he witnesses the teenagers ' van knocking down and of Cheri , and he shoots at the teenagers .
The use of Article 42 is not being considered at present.	The use of Article 42 is not ebing considered at present.
All of them appear at the NAFGA home for this meeting .	All of them appear at tee NAFGA home for this meeting .
While stressing, as one must, the need to remain competitive, we cannot forget the need for sustainability, for it is sustainable growth for which Europe is known.	While stressing, as one must, the need to remain competitive, we cannot forget the need for sustainability, it for is sustainable growth for which Europe is known.
In this new strategy, in this strategy for the Balkans aimed at membership, two factors are important.	In this now strategy, in this strategy for the Balkans aimed at membership, two factors are important.
But that doesn't happen, because such conservatives are hard to identify.	But that doesn't happen, because such conservatives axe hard to identify.
Indeed, It is indeed possible, Mr Poettering, to moot the idea of an international military force in this context.	Indeed, It is indeed possible, Mr Poettering, to moot the idea of an military force in this context. 
Ryan , Erin and Griff reunite with Sykes outside the mill , who reveals that he has rigged the entire mill with a self-destruct mechanism that he needs to be close to the building to activate .	Ryan , Erin and Griff reunite with Sykes outside tte mill , who reveals that he has rigged the entire mill with a self-destruct mechanism that he needs to be close to the building to activate .
Su who has been cast in the role of Snow White in the school play , is rehearsing when she blacks out and is taken to hospital where she is found to have leukemia .	Su who has been cast in the role of Snow White in the school play , is rehearsing when she blacks and is taken to hospital where she is found to have leukemia . 
Gore : Look, we could call this the Meet The Press agreement.	Gore : if we could call this the Meet The Press agreement.
That is the exercise on which the European Parliament has embarked.	That is the exercise on which European Parliament has embarked. 
He and Randy have received a number of presents , but he is disappointed because he did not get the gun .	He and Randy have received a number of presents , he is disappointed because he did not get the gun . 
All three institutions are concerned about the need to reach a political agreement this month if we want to fulfill the objective of approving all of Agenda 2000 during the German Presidency.	All three institutions are concerned about the need to reach a political agreement this month if we want to fulfill toe objective of approving all of Agenda 2000 during the German Presidency.
Rahul is considered as a failure both in professional and personal lives .	Rahul is considered as a failure both in professional and personal logos .
Sybel and Leakey make it back to their truck , and Sybel drops Leakey off with the film to go sell to the networks while she tries to get more information on what has happened .	Sybel and Leakey make it back to their truck , and Sybel diets Leakey off with the film to go sell to the networks while she tries to get more information on what has happened .
Their friend succeeds , and they go to an unexpected-looking neighborhood .	Their friend succeeds , they go to an unexpected-looking neighborhood . 
In Valencia the Association Agreement between the European Union and Algeria was signed, and recently the Association Agreement between the European Union and Lebanon was also signed.	In Valencia toe Association Agreement between the European Union and Algeria was signed, and recently the Association Agreement between the European Union and Lebanon was also signed.
However upon watching Julia being forced to marry Tiberius , Iullus realizes that he has fallen in love with her .	However upon watching Julia being forced to marry Tiberius , Iullus realizes that he has fallen in love with . her
Does this now mean that the work that has been done is complete?	Does this new mean that the work that has been done is complete?
Ben is surprised but Mrs. Wainwright is n't .	Bun is surprised but Mrs. Wainwright is n't .
It is expected that, when reporting to the Council and the Commission on the implementation of those guidelines, they will refer to their regulations on flexicurity.	It is expected that, when reporting to the Council and the Commission on the implementation of those guidelines, they will rigor to their regulations on flexicurity.
To conclude, I should like to suggest to Mr Parish and to the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development that this report should not be seen as a finishing line but rather as a point of departure for a thorough study into overhauling agriculture and reforming the common agricultural policy with the specific participation of young farmers' associations.	To conclude, I should like to suggest to Mr Parish and to the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development that this report should not be seen as a finishing line but rather as a point of departure for a thorough overhauling agriculture study into and reforming the common agricultural policy with the specific participation of young farmers' associations.
There is always a risk that no attention will be paid to these things and that they will not be valued.	There is a risk that no attention will be paid to these things and that they will not be valued. 
As visitors increased , attractions were added , including a tall observation tower , the Coney Island Elephant hotel , early roller coasters , carousels , and arc lights to enable nighttime swimming .	As visitors increased , attractions were added , including a tall observation tower , the Cissy Island Elephant hotel , early roller coasters , carousels , and arc lights to enable nighttime swimming .
Maynard then asks for her help in finding her son 's killers .	Maynard then asks for her help in her son 's killers . 
Numerous newspapers are being closed down daily and unfortunately the number of executions has increased significantly.	Numerous newspapers are being closed down daily add unfortunately the number of executions has increased significantly.
One day at work , a news bulletin reveals the death of Dr. Davis in a car crash .	One day at work , a news bulletin runners the death of Dr. Davis in a car crash .
Quasimodo assumes that Madellaine has used him , and tells Phoebus that he was right and he runs back into the cathedral .	Quasimodo assumes that Madellaine has used him , and tells Phoebus that he . right and he runs back into the cathedral was
ended up in the Supreme Court decision Brown versus the Board of Education which ended up um oh saying that separate and equal is not constitutional as far as you know schools it was talking about and it was interesting it was a	ended up in the Supreme Court decision Brown versus the Board of don't which ended up um oh saying that separate and equal is not constitutional as far as you know schools it was talking about and it was interesting it was a
The two marry in the end .	The two marry the end . 
This dispute must not be allowed to fester and we will continue to strive urgently to resolve it.	This dispute must not be allowed fester to and we will continue to strive urgently to resolve it.
Over the closing credits , Mark accidentally drives his car off of a bridge and , by coincidence , onto ex-Dean Pritchard who was fishing below , prompting the car to explode and killing them both .	Over the closing credits , Mark accidentally drives his car off of a bridge and , by coincidence , onto ex-Dean Pritchard who was fishing below , prompting the car to explode ahd killing them both .
When Shabnam and the others tried to stop this release , Shaka disarms them and releases the hostages and runs away with Radhika .	When and Shabnam the others tried to stop this release , Shaka disarms them and releases the hostages and runs away with Radhika .
So the nature of the problem did not change.	So nature of the problem did not change. 
The aim is purely and simply to neutralise the political impact of the vote we took in December by a very large majority - 270 for and 225 against - to deny the Commission a discharge in respect of the management of budget appropriations in 1996.	The aim is purely and simply to neutralise the political impact of the vote we took in December by a very large majority - 270 for and 225 against - to deny the Commission a discharge in respect management of of the budget appropriations in 1996.
Lastly, I should like to voice my support for two powerful ideas upheld by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats): the power conferred on the European Commission to adopt delegated acts should be reviewed every five years, and a verification clause should be introduced - the verification clause being the second powerful idea in this regulation.	Lastly, I should like to voice my suspect for two powerful ideas upheld by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats): the power conferred on the European Commission to adopt delegated acts should be reviewed every five years, and a verification clause should be introduced - the verification clause being the second powerful idea in this regulation.
She murdered somebody and as the mother superior lied under oath to save her from jail , she is very devoted to her .	She murdered somebody and as the mother under oath superior lied to save her from jail , she is very devoted to her .
William is captivated by her , and instead of turning her over to security , identifies another employee as the forger .	Willia mis captivated by her , and instead of turning her over to security , identifies another employee as the forger .
All these fine words must now lead to concrete action and practical legislative steps.	All these fine words must new lead to concrete action and practical legislative steps.
I would like to point out that, in actual fact, many paedophiles assault children that are close to them.	I would like to point out that, in actual fact, many paedophiles assault children that ape close to them.
Ali decides to diffuse the situation by making another tape in which Osama would be declaring ceasefire with US .	Ali decides to diffuse the situation by making another tape in which Ozora would be declaring ceasefire with US .
Not a penny for town-twinning!	Not penny for town-twinning! 
The new means for granting support seem to have weakened the attention given to women.	The new means for granting support to have weakened the attention given to women. 
Brussels, for instance, would seem to have a lot more to learn along these lines.	Brussels, for instance, would seem to have a lot more to learn these lines. 
Cos , the highly-strung youngest member of the team , despite being reassured by his seniors , becomes increasingly terrified by being on the ship and , a short time later , he is killed by a grotesque creature .	Cos , tte highly-strung youngest member of the team , despite being reassured by his seniors , becomes increasingly terrified by being on the ship and , a short time later , he is killed by a grotesque creature .
The French will thus sanction this President who, instead of raising France up, will belittle her, thus betraying the mission confided in him by universal suffrage.	The French will thus sanction this President who, instead of raising France up, will belittle her, thus the mission confided in him by universal suffrage. 
we were we were way behind financially and so haven't really uh quite managed to catch up yet	we were we were way behind financially and haven't really uh quite managed to catch up yet 
A new world leader is installed who speaks to the world through a computer-generated image broadcast on television .	A new leader is installed who speaks to the world through a computer-generated image broadcast on television . 
This is a case of 'looking at the speck in someone else's eye and failing to see the plank in our own eye'.	This is a case of supply at the speck in someone else's eye and failing to see the plank in our own eye'.
um-hum oh so she's young	um-hum oh so salts young
The European Action Plan against terrorism must be the Union’s basic political tool in this area.	The European Action Plan against therefrom must be the Union’s basic political tool in this area.
I therefore support the adoption of this report.	I therefore support the agrarian of this report.
If we want not 40% but 80 or 90% of our citizens to take part in the elections in 2009, there are three things that we have to do better than we have done in the past, and to do them we must go beyond our political differences and try to resist the trend that can already be seen here in Parliament today, which makes it a kind of Council appendage in which the parliamentary groups are increasingly an expression of the power relations among the various national delegations rather than independent and truly European political bodies.	If we want not 40% but 80 or 90% of our citizens to take part in the elections in 2009, there are three things that we have to do better than we have done in the and to do them we must go beyond our political differences and try to resist the trend that can already be seen here in Parliament today, which makes it a kind of Council appendage in which the parliamentary groups are increasingly an expression of the power relations among the various national delegations rather than independent and truly European political bodies. 
These protocols are intended to provide clearly defined and transparent policies and practices relating to GAO's work.	These protocols are intended to provide clearly defined and transparent policies and practices relating GAO's work. 
This was the tenet of its statement in favour of cooperation activities to promote the human dimension in China which could be used as a principle for effective dialogue with this country.	This was the tenet of its statement in favour of cooperation activities to promote the human dimension in China which could be used as a principle for effective dialouge with this country.
I am astounded that the House's services even declared this report admissible in its present form.	I am astounded that the House's services even declared this present admissible in its report form.
The democratisation of Syria now takes priority over closer trading relations.	The double-taxation of Syria now takes priority over closer trading relations.
On knowing the truth , Fateh Khan finds his wrath too much to control .	On knowing the truth Fateh Khan finds his wrath too much to control . 
The Russian proposal to enrich uranium outside of Iran is still on the table and needs to be explored fully.	The Russian proposal to enrich uranium outside of Iran is still on and needs the table to be explored fully.
Attempts at 'softening' NATO - weakening its position by enlarging the military structures of the European Union - are a mistake.	Attempts at 'softening' NATO - weakening its Union by enlarging the military structures of the European position - are a mistake.
They know that, as Goethe said, Europe was created on the road to Santiago de Compostela, and, as an Objective 1 region, Galicia is aware of the role that the Structural and Cohesion Funds have played in its development.	They know that, as Goethe said, Europe was created on the road to Santiago de Compostela, and, as an Objective 1 Galicia is aware of the role that the Structural and Cohesion Funds have played in its development. 
In 2067 , at the conclusion of an investigation into the loss of Zero-X , the Inquiry Board of the Space Exploration Center reaches a verdict of sabotage .	In 2067 , at the conclusion of an investigation into the loss of Zero-X , the Inquiry Board of the Space Exploration Center a verdict of sabotage . 
Strengthening economic policy coordination within the euro area - Contribution of public finances to growth and employment	Strengthening economic policy coordination within the area - Contribution of public finances to growth and employment 
Madam President, Commissioner, Manuel Lobo Antunes, one way to show our disgust at Mugabe's dictatorial ways is for the EU not to accept his presence at the summit.	Madam President, Commissioner, Mihael Lobo Antunes, one way to show our disgust at Mugabe's dictatorial ways is for the EU not to accept his presence at the summit.
Last, but not least, I agree with most of you who were arguing for the need for a more strategic approach, the need for medium- and long-term solutions - this is exactly what the Czech presidency is planning to do.	Last, but long-term least, I agree with most of you who were arguing for the need for a more strategic approach, the need for medium- and not solutions - this is exactly what the Czech presidency is planning to do.
Sinbad tells Habeeb that he had ordered him to be on the look out for King Jamaal 's soldiers , instead he had fallen asleep .	Sinbad towns Habeeb that he had ordered him to be on the look out for King Jamaal 's soldiers , instead he had fallen asleep .
Establishing a single monthly rate of payment forms part of a federalist view of a Member of the European Parliament's mandate, seeking to transform today's national Members of the EP into future 'European MPs'. This is a vision that we do not share.	Establishing a single monthly rate of payment forms part of a federalist view of a of the European Parliament's mandate, seeking to transform today's national Members of the EP into future 'European MPs'. This is a vision that we do not share. 
Phil , reunites with two of his childhood friends by inviting them to a fake engagement party .	Phil , reunites with two of his concocted friends by inviting them to a fake engagement party .
From the beginning, he wanted this war in order to become president.	From the beginning, he wanted this war in obair to become president.
Later today we will debate the forthcoming European Council.	Later will debate today we the forthcoming European Council.
Mr President, the Socialist Group supports Mr Aldo's motion for a resolution in general terms. However, the oral amendment he is proposing is quite serious, so we cannot accept it at this stage.	Mr President, the Socialist Group supports Mr Aldo's motion for resolution in general terms. However, the oral amendment he is proposing is quite serious, so we cannot accept it at this stage. 
We need to open up the Council when it legislates and the sooner we do it the better.	We need open to up the Council when it legislates and the sooner we do it the better.
Once again we see that she is being gambled upon .	Once again we see that she is gambled upon . 
Gayle and Judi eventually persuade Becky into relaxing .	Gayle and him eventually persuade Becky into relaxing .
Willis lives in a compound with his followers .	Willis lives in a compound wish his followers .
A clear procedure gives the person concerned the necessary legal security.	A clear gives the person concerned the necessary legal security. 
She has never spoken a single word .	She has never sicken a single word .
In adding my voice to that of other members of the Committee on Petitions, I would, however, like to ask whether the Commission has any intention of revising rules of this kind, and of possibly recovering the unpaid customs duties.	In adding my voice to that of other members of the Committee on Petitions, I would, however, like to ask whether the Commission has any of of revising rules of this kind, and intention possibly recovering the unpaid customs duties.
In Greece, the economic convergence criteria have been met, as a result of a stabilisation policy implemented most consistently by the Greek authorities since 1996.	In Greece, the economic convergence criteria have been cannot as a result of a stabilisation policy implemented most consistently by the Greek authorities since 1996.
What are the roles of the first, second and third pillars?	What are toe roles of the first, second and third pillars?
We must defend democracy and people's right there to a complete and secure existence, and to peace, and that peace can be achieved when the terrorist organisations, Hamas and their cohorts, stop the attacks against Israel and Israeli citizens.	We must defend democracy and people's right there to a complete and secure and to peace, and that peace can be achieved when the terrorist organisations, Hamas and their cohorts, stop the attacks against Israel and Israeli citizens. 
Regarding research, as I mentioned, Commissioners Figeľ and Potočnik are working together and we can be hopeful of a good outcome in that regard.	Regarding research, as I Commissioners Figeľ and Potočnik are working together and we can be hopeful of a good outcome in that regard. 
Thenali is a man who fears anything and everything due to his earlier life in Sri Lanka .	Thenali is a man who fears anything and everything due to his earlier life in Sri Lubna .
Would she not admit that this is actually true?	Would she not admit that is actually true? 
Amendment No 2 implies that the shipment of waste on the green list to countries which have not replied to the questionnaire can take place under the procedure for the orange list, which only requires tacit consent from the importing country.	Amendment No 2 implies that the shipment of waste on the green list to countries which have not replied the questionnaire can take place under the procedure for the orange list, which only requires tacit consent from the importing country. 
Items exemplifying the artist's campy humor (his massive Barbie Doll collection, his teen-age scrapbook of celebrity photos) are said to be scarce.	Items exemplifying the campy humor (his massive Barbie Doll collection, his teen-age scrapbook of celebrity photos) are said to be scarce. 
Both of these are supposed to be abolished.	Both of these axe supposed to be abolished.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga is a staunch European citizen.	Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga is a staunch citizen. 
House Majority Leader Dick Armey, House Majority Whip Tom DeLay, Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, and Senate Majority Whip Don Nickles claim that Milosevic was open to peace all along, that the war and its casualties were our fault, that we needlessly offended Russia, and that our victory is false.	House Majority Leader Dick Armey, House Majority Whip Tom DeLay, Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, and Senate Majority Whip Don Nickles claim that Milosevic was open to peace all along, that the war and its casualties were our fault, that we needlessly offended Russia, and that our victory false. 
This has been discussed for many years at European level, so it is not a new issue.	for has been discussed This many years at European level, so it is not a new issue.
Mr President, I wish to add my voice to that of Mr Adam in thanking Mr Linkohr for his very good work and all honourable Members who have worked to find a point of basic agreement on this issue which is extraordinarily important not only as regards, clearly, the refinancing of the Fourth Framework Programme but also future lines of action.	Mr President, I wish to add my voice to that of Mr Adam in thanking Mr Linkohr for his very good work and all honourable Members who have worked to find a point of basic agreement on this issue which is extraordinarily important not only as regards, clearly, refinancing of the Fourth Framework Programme but also future lines of action. 
Chun Jae-in , an orphan-turned-police detective , is assigned a job to go undercover in a high school to befriend Seung-hee , the daughter of notorious gangster Cha Young-jae , and protect her from any of her father 's enemies who may want to use her as bait to get Cha Young-jae to do what they want , as well as get information about her father 's work from her .	Chun Jae-in , an orphan-turned-police detective , is assigned a job to go in a high school to befriend Seung-hee , the daughter of notorious gangster Cha Young-jae , and protect her from any of her father 's enemies who may want to use her as bait to get Cha Young-jae to do what they want , as well as get information about her father 's work from her . 
on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, the European Investment Bank uses public funds from the nations of Europe to guarantee loans, either to financial intermediaries or to the ultimate recipients in 74 countries.	on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, the European Investment Bank uses public funds from the nations of Europe to guarantee loans, either to financial intermediaries or to the ultimate in 74 countries. 
Finally, as the Member of the European Parliament representing Cardiff, I am immensely proud that the European summit is being held in the capital city of Wales.	Finally, as the Member of the European Parliament representing Cardiff, I am immenesly proud that the European summit is being held in the capital city of Wales.
We know that there is a real problem.	We know that ther eis a real problem.
The Commission notes that there are 100-150 manufacturers of various component devices but does not indicate what the ratio of large to small business might be in this mix.	The Commission notes that there are 100-150 manufacturers of various but does component devices not indicate what the ratio of large to small business might be in this mix.
This is still not enough, but I think that certain indicators, or as one says today, the benchmarking system, may also constitute an essential instrument for seeing how, little by little, equal opportunities for men and women are approaching.	This is still not enough, but I think that certain indicators, or as one says today, the benchmarking system, may constitute an essential instrument for seeing how, little by little, equal opportunities for men and women are approaching. 
How did I get into this place?	How did I get into this I
The story starts out in Ark de Grande City , one of the last remaining cities on earth , which is controlled by an evil mayor who claims that he is restoring the civilization that was destroyed by Genocyber , but only does this to gain trust from the civilians .	The story starts out in Ark de Grande City , one of the last remaining cities on earth , which is controlled by an evil mayor who claims that he is restoring the civilization that was destroyed by Genocyber , but only does this to gain tract from the civilians .
The Commission can only welcome your proposal to organise a debate, to be held every year in Parliament and in which the Council takes part, on the information and communication policy. I also welcome the fact that the Council has decided to take part in the meetings of the Interinstitutional Group on Information.	The Commission can only welcome your proposal to organise a debate, to be held every year in Parliament and in which the Council takes part, on the information and communication policy. I also welcome the fact that the Council has decided to take part in the meetings of the Interinstitutional Group on agree
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the Commission is aware of and strongly condemns discrimination on the grounds of religion and belief.	Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the Commission is aware of and strongly condemns discrimination on the grounds religion and belief. 
A married couple with two young children move into a Pennsylvania farmhouse that turns out to be inhabited by demons .	A menaced couple with two young children move into a Pennsylvania farmhouse that turns out to be inhabited by demons .
This is made even worse by the fact that available resources are now channelled into other purposes - included, nonetheless, in the Treaties: militarism and overseas intervention, amongst others - that make this principle even more secondary in nature.	This is made even worse by the fact that available resources are new channelled into other purposes - included, nonetheless, in the Treaties: militarism and overseas intervention, amongst others - that make this principle even more secondary in nature.
He is bisexual and HIV positive .	He and HIV is bisexual positive .
Henry and Naomi reconcile .	Henry and Naomi rectitude .
As things stand, they receive no information at all."	As things stand, they receive no information at implementing
Shortly afterward , the Berlin Wall falls .	Shortly afterward the , Berlin Wall falls .
The film tells a funny story about three fantastic and fearless female friends .	The film tells a funny story about three fantastic and fearless female filters .
Its splendour is a little faded now, but that only adds to the charm of the huge, chandeliered, sumptuous public rooms decorated with antique mirrors, braziers, samovars, and thick Turkish carpets.	Its splendour is a little faded now, but that okay adds to the charm of the huge, chandeliered, sumptuous public rooms decorated with antique mirrors, braziers, samovars, and thick Turkish carpets.
It is appropriate that we should hear the opinion of the rapporteur, Mr Crowley.	It is appropriate that we should hear Mr opinion of the rapporteur, the Crowley.
One day Sajitha Beti disappears from Abhinay 's life .	One dry Sajitha Beti disappears from Abhinay 's life .
First, I should say that I reject all the proposed amendments which aim to rename this entire project a ‘management plan’ rather than a recovery plan, because it is still a recovery plan.	First, I should say that I reject all the proposed amendments which aim to rename this entire project ‘management plan’ rather than a recovery plan, because it is still a recovery plan. 
Stop the presses!	Stop presses! 
Maybe Los Angeles isn't the scariest place on earth after all.	Maybe Los Angeles isn't the scariest phase on earth after all.
The polar shift triggers chain reactions which cause earthquakes , typhoons and tropical storms , which destroy New York , London , and other cities in the process .	The polar smelt triggers chain reactions which cause earthquakes , typhoons and tropical storms , which destroy New York , London , and other cities in the process .
He has already begun contacting groups that might be tenants.	He begun contacting has already groups that might be tenants.
In March 2009, the Commission tabled a proposal for a new Framework Decision on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings, and protecting victims of such activities.	In March 2009, the Commission tabled a proposal for a new Framework Domitian on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings, and protecting victims of such activities.
Madam President, I just want to intervene to thank the Members who have participated in this debate for their comments.	Madam President, I just want to intervene to thank the who have participated in this debate for their comments. 
Stockdale Flying Sequence ' Zach works with CIA operative , Bill Murphy ' who bares personal bitterness toward Akmed Najah .	Stockdale Flying Sequence ' Zach works with CCA operative , Bill Murphy ' who bares personal bitterness toward Akmed Najah .
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the honourable Members will know that in accordance with the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the ENISA Agency, the mandate of ENISA automatically expires on 13 March 2009.	Member of the Commission. - Mr the honourable Members will know that in accordance with the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the ENISA Agency, the mandate of ENISA automatically expires on 13 March 2009. 
In the end , after a struggle with the last and most powerful of the `` Ghost Five '' , Orion J ger , Seiya is helped by the spirit of the deceased Sagittarius Aiolos , who sends the Sagittarius Gold Cloth to his aid .	In the end , after a struggle with the last and most powerful of the `` Ghost Five '' , Orion J gar , Seiya is helped by the spirit of the deceased Sagittarius Aiolos , who sends the Sagittarius Gold Cloth to his aid .
Various alternatives to DCM-based strippers are already available on the market.	Various to DCM-based strippers are already available on the market. 
Kelly gives Chuck the keys to the car they once shared .	Kelly Chuck the keys to the car they once shared . 
The question that I would like to ask very clearly is this: are you representing 14 EU countries here or 15?	The question that I to ask would like very clearly is this: are you representing 14 EU countries here or 15?
Upon his return , Freeman immediately begins recruiting young black men living in the inner city of Chicago to become Freedom Fighters teaching them all of the guerrilla warfare tactics that he learned from the CIA .	Upon his return , Freeman immediately begins recruiting young black men living to the inner city of Chicago in become Freedom Fighters teaching them all of the guerrilla warfare tactics that he learned from the CIA .
When he comes around he is in fact being humped by a monkey and the people around him laughing at him .	When he comes around he is in fact being hugged by a monkey and the people around him laughing at him .
Nina is ecstatic , but Jamie 's behavior turning up the central heating to stifling levels , moving furniture around and inviting back `` ghost friends '' to watch videos gradually infuriates her , and their relationship deteriorates .	Nina '' ecstatic , but Jamie 's behavior turning up the central heating to stifling levels , moving furniture around and inviting back `` ghost friends is to watch videos gradually infuriates her , and their relationship deteriorates .
He brings over a supply of dynamite sticks , which he places inside the tree , which the squirrel then puts into a log nearby .	He brings over a supply of dynamite sticks , which he places inside the tree , which squirrel the then puts into a log nearby .
I am sure we will debate this in the future.	I am sure we wall debate this in the future.
The candidate countries are not the only ones who have to change; the Union itself, first and foremost, has to do its homework.	The candidate do are not the only ones who have to change; the Union itself, first and foremost, has to countries its homework.
uh marijuana cocaine and amphetamines	uh marijuana cocaine and amphetaminse
It is therefore necessary to modify the policy accordingly and ensure sufficient funds.	It is team-game necessary to modify the policy accordingly and ensure sufficient funds.
Learning about this , Sakshi also returns home .	Learning about this , Sakshi home . also returns
The inhabitants of Bosnia Herzegovina are simply struggling for a safer life and prosperity.	The inhabitants of Bosnia Herzegovina are simply for a safer life and prosperity. 
Rachel 's bossy mother Tess and dazed dad Ned are introduced .	Rachel 's bossy mother Tess and duped dad Ned are introduced .
But J.D. was not convinced by them telling the truth , so he turns back into Jagga Dacuit and starts frightening the families with his gun .	But J.D. was not convinced by them telling the truth , so he turns back into Jagga Dacuit and starts frightening the with his gun . 
An older man walks through the corridors of a half-empty airport , and he feels alone and sad .	An man walks through the corridors of a half-empty airport , and he feels alone and sad . 
It seeks to achieve the free movement of wagons and locomotives, thereby improving the competitiveness of the railway system in comparison to other types of transport.	It seeks to achieve the free wagons and movement of locomotives, thereby improving the competitiveness of the railway system in comparison to other types of transport.
As Rehan is performing the act , Meera is attacked by Iyer , but Meera manages to throw the pendant in the well .	As Rehan is performing the act , Meera is attacked by Iyer , but Meera molests to throw the pendant in the well .
We are in favour of the ad hoc procedure as a code of good conduct between the two arms of the Budgetary Authority: budgetary etiquette ensures better results when drawing up the budget.	We are in favour of the ad hoc phosphate as a code of good conduct between the two arms of the Budgetary Authority: budgetary etiquette ensures better results when drawing up the budget.
The man is again inside of the red tram , that seems to be driving through the middle of the church , looking out of the window .	The mon is again inside of the red tram , that seems to be driving through the middle of the church , looking out of the window .
I think this is one way in which controls can be improved.	I think this is one why in which controls can be improved.
Binder informs them that Smiley is alive and many copycat killers will attempt to go viral .	Binder informs them that Smiley is alive and mery copycat killers will attempt to go viral .
This being so, I believe that we should carefully consider temporarily re-introducing controls at internal borders.	This being so, I believe that we should carefully consider temporarily re-introducing controls at borders. internal
We would like to assure Kazakhstan of our explicit support and encourage this country to continue resolutely along this path.	We would like to assure Kazakhstan of our explicit support and encourage this country continue resolutely along this path. 
Mr Van Hecke's report reminds us that there is much that is wrong with the world and brilliantly focuses us on the need for the European Union to speak with one voice.	Mr Van Hecke's report reminds us that there is much that is wrong with the and brilliantly focuses us on the need for the European Union to speak with one voice. 
The dog leaves the house and swims back across the river , down the street and into its master and mistress 's home .	The dog leaves the house and swims back across the river , down the and into its master and mistress 's home . 
It is at least equally important that we build on European foundations.	It is at leant equally important that we build on European foundations.
It could run on private contributions and, if a state believes it ought to be involved, then through state funds.	It could run on private contributions and, if a state boycotts it ought to be involved, then through state funds.
But when Vicky arrives in India , he informs Sonia that he is not interested in marriage .	But when Vicky arrives in India , he informs Sonia that he not is interested in marriage .
For this reason, I propose a public consultation of health workers, asking them the following questions.	For this reason, I propose a public consultation of health workers, asking trim the following questions.
Against this background, I share the views of Mr de Brémond d'Ars.	this Against background, I share the views of Mr de Brémond d'Ars.
It is our duty to help the people who are the hapless victims of Lukashenko's regime.	It our is duty to help the people who are the hapless victims of Lukashenko's regime.
I would not presume to say which solution is better but we must find the courage to consider all sides of the issue.	I would not presume to say which solution is we must better but find the courage to consider all sides of the issue.
It has been made very clear this afternoon that we are providing these countries, which were victims not only of the Second World War but also of the dictatorship that followed it, with a prospect that enables them to build democracy while strengthening this European Union of ours without impairing its ability to act.	It hrs been made very clear this afternoon that we are providing these countries, which were victims not only of the Second World War but also of the dictatorship that followed it, with a prospect that enables them to build democracy while strengthening this European Union of ours without impairing its ability to act.
I now feel proud to have been able to put my signature next to hers on those initiatives adopted by this House.	I now feel proud to have been able to put my signature next to directive on those initiatives adopted by this House.
They flee , and discover a giant warehouse at the docks where the pods are grown .	They flee , abd discover a giant warehouse at the docks where the pods are grown .
They will all keep saying: Europe makes everything worse, it makes our food worse, etcetera. I must admit, when I see something like this, I unfortunately have to agree!	They will all keep saying: Europe makes everything worse, it makes our food worse, etcetera. I must admit, when I see something like this, I unfortunately hone to agree!
Thus there is no requirement to operate age limits under the existing rules.	Thus there is no revisionist to operate age limits under the existing rules.
Back in the present , the friends regret not sharing the praise with Piglet .	Back in the present , the friends regret not the praise with Piglet . 
Open borders could easily lead to us closing the door on dynamism and improvements.	binding borders could easily lead to us closing the door on dynamism and improvements.
I am, however, concerned at the negative approach the report takes to setting biological limit values.	I am, however, concerned at the negative approach the report takes to biological setting limit values.
I believe that such a review could prove a turning point.	I believe that such a review could prove a touring point.
I am speaking in favour of this because I believe that rail has a key role to play in solving the mobility problems facing the European Union.	I am speaking in favour of this because I believe that rail hrs a key role to play in solving the mobility problems facing the European Union.
As Corbeck smashes in the door to where the tomb is located , Anne begins a painful premature labor .	As Chetnik smashes in the door to where the tomb is located , Anne begins a painful premature labor .
For example, he said that the biggest problem with the Lisbon Strategy was the fact that the parties affected were not involved, that there was no ownership of it and that they therefore did not get involved in its implementation.	For example, he said that the biggest problem with the Lisbon Strategy was fact that the parties affected were not involved, that there was no ownership of it and that they therefore did not get involved in its implementation. 
Now that they found a way in , comes the problem of how to get back .	Now that they found a way in , comes the problem of how to get . 
This is a policy where we try to help them as much as we can, but we also want to see the right behaviour from Georgia.	This is a policy where we try to help them as much as we can, but we also want see the right behaviour from Georgia. 
   I thank the Commissioner for his detailed response.	   I thank the Cross-border for his detailed response.
Instead , he promotes her and sends her to New York City on a weekend business trip .	Instead , he promotes her and sends her to New York City on a wounded business trip .
Secondly, we confirmed the basic principles and schedule for adoption of the energy and climate change package.	Secondly, we confirmed the basic principles and schedule for adoption of the energy add climate change package.
Nearly everyone of note is at the tournament , including Prince John .	Nearly everyone of nane is at the tournament , including Prince John .
no we have a lot of maple up here and oak mostly oak and maple is is a and and pine of course evergreens up as you get up north into the northern part of the	no we the a lot of maple up here and oak mostly oak and maple is is a and and pine of course evergreens up as you get up north into have northern part of the
We will shoulder our responsibilities and so must the Member States.	We will shoulder our recommendation's and so must the Member States.
I would like to refer to the Euro-Med ministerial meeting on migration, which is planned for November 2007.	I would like to refer to the Euro-Med ministerial mincing on migration, which is planned for November 2007.
Lately she's been seeing this oil magnate, Kluk.	Lately seeing this she's been oil magnate, Kluk.
Finally Kavita and group reach Ashok Hotel and they declare they are from Sharda college but the Manager apologizes saying he couldn t book a room for them as all the rooms are already filled .	Finally Kavita and group reach Ashok Hotel and they declare they are from Sharda college but the Manager apologizes saying he citron t book a room for them as all the rooms are already filled .
Mr President, Mrs Redondo's words are close to my heart.	Mr President, Mrs Redondo's words are choke to my heart.
But I will not be told what to do by people, especially from the extreme right, who 'could not care two hoots' about the freedoms of the individual.	But I will not be told what to do by people, especially from the extreme right, who care two 'could not hoots' about the freedoms of the individual.
It is Father Christmas , who presents the children with gifts : Peter gets a sword and shield , Susan gets a bow , quiver of arrows and a horn , and Lucy gets a bottle of magical healing cordial .	It is Father Christmas , who presents tte children with gifts : Peter gets a sword and shield , Susan gets a bow , quiver of arrows and a horn , and Lucy gets a bottle of magical healing cordial .
(BG) Mr President, Mr Swoboda, I would like to ask you a question.	(BG) Mr President, Mr intend I would like to ask you a question.
Zira tosses her dead baby over the side of the ship before crawling to lie with her husband .	Zira tosses her dead baby over the side of the ship before crawling to with her husband . 
According to the Finnish Ministry of Trade and Industry, the proposal would lead to almost a 2% reduction in GNP in Finland and other EU countries over the period 2007-2017.	According to the Finnish Ministry of Trade Industry, the proposal would lead to almost a 2% reduction in GNP in Finland and other EU countries over the period 2007-2017. 
Madam President, Russia is too important for us not to be concerned about what is happening in that country.	Madam President, Russia is too important for us not to be concerned about what is in that country. 
Instead of preparing for his show , Aldous goes to the rooftop of the Standard Hotel in downtown Los Angeles , and calls Aaron , threatening to jump .	Instead of preparing for his show , Aldous goes to the rooftop of the Standard Hotel in downtown Los Angeles , and calls Aaron , terminating to jump .
Consequently , a teenaged Lorraine becomes infatuated with Marty instead of George .	Consequently . a teenaged Lorraine becomes infatuated with Marty instead of George ,
The report does not break with the fashion for disciplinary penalties in the Brussels Consensus, seeking only to water these down.	The report does not break with the fashio nfor disciplinary penalties in the Brussels Consensus, seeking only to water these down.
The situation in Zimbabwe is a matter for the whole of the international community and the community of African states and it is absolutely imperative that we recognise Mugabe's tyranny.	The situation in Zimbabwe is a matter for the whole of the international community amd the community of African states and it is absolutely imperative that we recognise Mugabe's tyranny.
I regret this just as much as Mr Staes.	I regret this just as much as Mr funding
The pair develop a bond for each other even without a common language .	The pair a develop bond for each other even without a common language .
This will improve the clarity and cohesion of legislation, both for the Member States and for companies.	This will improve the clarity and cohesion of legislation, both the Member States and for companies. 
If Romeo and Juliet is a success , Shakespeare as playwright will win the money .	If Romeo and Juliet is a success , Shakespeare as playwright will wan the money .
Therefore, the existing programmes should continue to focus on active citizenship and the development of key competences, non-formal education and the promotion of European civil society.	Therefore, the existing programmes should continue to focus on active citizenship and the development of key competences, authorities education and the promotion of European civil society.
That was indeed a nice honest admission.	That was indeed  anice honest admission.
Along with his partner Sergio Perez , New York , detective Alex Scott is investigating the mysterious disappearance of several children .	Along his partner Sergio Perez , New York , detective Alex Scott is investigating the mysterious disappearance of several children . 
Kitz resigns as national security advisor to lead a congressional committee to determine whether the machine was an elaborate hoax designed by Hadden , who has since died .	Kitz resigns as national security advisor to lead a congressional committee to whether the machine was an elaborate hoax designed by Hadden , who has since died . 
This case should be food for thought for us, and we must demand a thorough investigation by the Russian authorities to identify the perpetrators of the attack.	This case should be food for thought for us, and we must demand a thorough investigation by Russian authorities to identify the perpetrators of the attack. 
He takes part in the election and becomes an MLA under the panel of Communist party .	He takes part in the election and becomes an under the panel of Communist party . 
This allows women's organisations to get involved in decision-making at the local level and ensure that their specific concerns and suggestions are taken into account in local development strategies.	This allows women's organisations to get involved in decision-making at the local level and ensure that their specific concerns aid suggestions are taken into account in local development strategies.
Bullabbayi is fond of his sister-in-law Rajeswari .	Bullabbayi is fond of hos sister-in-law Rajeswari .
A most malicious and utterly untrue one, interrupted Alfred Inglethorp in an agitated voice.	A most malicious and utterly untrue interrupted Alfred Inglethorp in an agitated voice. 
Secondly, our Parliament would like the good ecological status of seas and oceans to be defined with a great deal more precision so that this is not some sort of pious hope and so that we come closer to doing what can be done to restore the life and balance of the ecosystem.	Secondly, our Parliament would like the good ecological status of seas and oceans to be defined with a great deal more precision so that this is not some sort of pious hope and so that we come closer to what can be done to restore the life and balance of the ecosystem. 
We need a better legal basis at European level, but then we know that; it is a statement we heard all of five years ago, and we do not need to have it repeated.	We need a better legal basis at European level, but then we know that; it is a statement we heard all of five years ago, and we do not need to it repeated. 
Four years is a more reasonable period.	Four years is a more reasonable planes.
The comet will come in a matter of days , so they want to make sure that there are either no dragons around , or , if there is one , confirm that its heart is pure and that it will not be tempted into fulfilling the prophecy .	The comet will come in a matter of days , so they want to make sure that there are either no dragons around , or , if there is , confirm that its heart is pure and that it will not be tempted into fulfilling the prophecy . 
She asks the man for change , and he pulls out a money clip full of cash to oblige .	She asks tie man for change , and he pulls out a money clip full of cash to oblige .
`` Logic series '' is not actually an established topic in mathematical logic or mathematics .	`` Logic series '' is not actually an established tonic in mathematical logic or mathematics .
Organising this summit with Brazil was therefore the right step.	Organising right summit with Brazil was therefore the this step.
It involves the introduction of exposure categories, a significant relaxation of the rules for low-tonnage substances and the granting of derogations for research and OSOR.	It invitees the introduction of exposure categories, a significant relaxation of the rules for low-tonnage substances and the granting of derogations for research and OSOR.
I think that this debate is being held at a highly appropriate time, the day before the start of the European Council meeting, at which one of the main points of discussion will be high oil prices.	I think that this debate is being held at a highly appropriate time, the day before the of the European Council meeting, at which one of the main points of discussion will be high oil prices. 
Then they learn how to use firearms .	Then they learn to use firearms . 
In particular , Brad shows her when she broke up with Patrick by moving out while he was gone at class , leaving only a note .	In particular , Brad shows her when she broke up with Patrick moving out while he was gone at class , leaving only a note . 
In future, a list of businesses with general authorisations will be published in publicly accessible registers, which will provide the public with greater transparency and monitoring options.	In future, a lent of businesses with general authorisations will be published in publicly accessible registers, which will provide the public with greater transparency and monitoring options.
Mr President, the Commission shares the honourable Member' s desire to provide adequate support for the Afghan people, of whose difficult situation we are all well aware.	Mr President, the Commission shares the honourable Member' desire s to provide adequate support for the Afghan people, of whose difficult situation we are all well aware.
Abdullah 's wife , Salima Begum , welcomes Ali and Nahid whole-heartedly .	Abdullah 's , Salima Begum , welcomes Ali and Nahid whole-heartedly . 
Trisha thinks she is ready for marriage , and gets down on her knee to propose to Sid .	Trisha thinks she is ready for marriage and gets down on her knee to propose to Sid . 
Even the birth of two children , and several years of marriage , does not change Kajal .	Even birth the of two children , and several years of marriage , does not change Kajal .
I wish to note with regard to the report that the unfair competition between European ports must be stopped.	I wish to with regard to the report that the unfair competition between European ports must be stopped. 
The construction of the fence, or the wall, was also the subject of a United Nations General Assembly resolution on 21 October, which all EU Member States and the accession states co-sponsored.	The construction of the fence, or the wall, was also the subject of Nations General a United Assembly resolution on 21 October, which all EU Member States and the accession states co-sponsored.
I am sure both of you and many here share that view.	I sure both of you and many here share that view. 
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should first of all like to thank the shadow rapporteurs of the other groups for their good cooperation.	   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should first of all like to thank the shadow rapporteurs the other groups for their good cooperation. 
Now looking more like a lady , Calamity pretends to be fine with the arrangement but is stung when Danny gives her a soft kiss on the forehead .	Now looking more like a lady , Calamity pretends to be fine with the arrangement but is stung when Danny gives her a soft kiss on tre forehead .
Draft general budget of the European Union - 2003 financial year	Draft general of the European Union - 2003 financial year 
Meanwhile Jimmy fights his way in , fearing that Pollyanna is in danger .	Meanwhile Jimmy fights his way in , fearing that Pollyanna is danger . 
3) President Clinton banned federal funding of research on human cloning.	3) President Clinton banned federal foaming of research on human cloning.
Mallory and Barnsby tell the commander , Major Schroeder -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Michael Byrne , that they are criminals fleeing Allied authorities .	Mallory and Barnsby tell the commander , Major Schroeder -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Michael Byrne , that they ate criminals fleeing Allied authorities .
Agung and Sam leave , and paid Iwank a visit .	Agung and Sam leave , amd paid Iwank a visit .
In the other comment, Amendment No 9, the Commission is called upon to examine how plants under the threshold values set in the directive can be regulated at the EU level.	In the other comment, Amendment No 9, the Commission is called upon examine to how plants under the threshold values set in the directive can be regulated at the EU level.
In the middle of the night , on a highway in Los Angeles , three black modified 1995 Honda Civic EG follow a semi-trailer truck .	In the middle of the night , on a highway in Los Angeles black modified , three 1995 Honda Civic EG follow a semi-trailer truck .
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Madam President, I am glad to have the opportunity to speak on the Morillon report on fishing authorisations - or I should say the ex-Stihler report.	on behalf of the PSE Group. - Madam President, I am glad to have the opportunity to speak on the Morillon report on fishing authorisations - or I should say the rates report.
They going up against the Drop Squad , the best team in the league .	They goign up against the Drop Squad , the best team in the league .
Community funds, which have been considerable over recent decades, have been used to dismantle State controlled iron and steel works.	Community funds, which have been considerable over recent decades, have to dismantle been used State controlled iron and steel works.
On the outskirts of the high-class shopping district of Piazza di Spagna, you'll find mass-produced sweaters, jeans, and other casual wear.	On the outskirts of the high-class shopping district of Piazza di Saules, you'll find mass-produced sweaters, jeans, and other casual wear.
Nevertheless, it has led to a process of rethinking, which even the powerful farming lobby will find it difficult to stop.	Nevertheless, it has lid to a process of rethinking, which even the powerful farming lobby will find it difficult to stop.
Shorty offers to let Carole stay at his place , but not wanting to get involved with him , Carole tells Shorty that she 's staying with Michael , and that they 've been `` secretly tight for a long time . ''	Shorty offers to let Carole stay at his place , but not wanting to get involved with hum , Carole tells Shorty that she 's staying with Michael , and that they 've been `` secretly tight for a long time . ''
This is because it develops healthy eating habits and thus improves the general health of society.	This thus because it develops healthy eating habits and is improves the general health of society.
We need to take some fundamental rules into account, both outside and inside Parliament.	We need to some fundamental rules into account, both outside and inside Parliament. 
In Maria 's room alone , she saw a picture of a happy toddler Maria and the young Santiago -- evidence of a good father .	In Maria 's room alone , good saw a picture of a happy toddler Maria and the young Santiago -- evidence of a she father .
Firstly, I call for us to please stop the sale of arms to these countries immediately.	Firstly, I call for us to please stop the sale arms to these countries immediately. 
yeah they are out of Korea right	yeah they are out of Karla right
J.K. and his subordinates reach there at the same time as Tirisangu and Isakki Muthu .	J.K. aud his subordinates reach there at the same time as Tirisangu and Isakki Muthu .
We must bring our ambitions into line with the degree to which they can be implemented.	We must bring our ambitions into lake with the degree to which they can be implemented.
The film is concerned with Harrison Lloyd , a Pulitzer Prize-winning Newsweek photojournalist who travels on his last assignment to the former Yugoslavia in 1991 , during the Croatian War of Independence .	The film is concerned with Harrison Lloyd , a Pulitzer Prize-winning Newsweek photojournalist who travels on his last assignment to the Yugoslavia in 1991 , during the Croatian War of Independence . 
They both enroll in black history together , although there are two other classes in which they have enrolled alone .	They both enroll in black history together , although there are two in which other classes they have enrolled alone .
Spider-Man quickly spouts a web to Gwen , catching her and pulling her back up to the roof .	Spider-Man quickly spouts a web to Gwen , catching her and pulling her back upt o the roof .
Charlie re-appears and shoots his former friend without any hesitation .	former re-appears and shoots his Charlie friend without any hesitation .
However, it seems to me out of the question that the European Union should challenge existing and deep forms of solidarity.	However, it seems to out of the question that the European Union should challenge existing and deep forms of solidarity. 
This collaborative effort helped ensure and maintain trust between the organization and the company.	TI's collaborative effort helped ensure and maintain trust between the organization and the company.
Vortex holds a secret weapon , which requires three metal keys to unlock , and Fisher reveals one .	Vortex holds a secret weapon , which requires three metal to unlock , and Fisher reveals one . 
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on EU tomato imports from Morocco (Petition 1565/2009 by José Maria Pozancos (Spanish)), by Erminia Mazzoni, on behalf of the Committee on Petitions - B7-0211/2011).	The next item is on debate on the oral question to the Commission on EU tomato imports from Morocco (Petition 1565/2009 by José Maria Pozancos (Spanish)), by Erminia Mazzoni, the behalf of the Committee on Petitions - B7-0211/2011).
Before confronting Udo , Nick had instructed D'Angelo by telephone to go to a police station near the restaurant and await his call ; he now summons D'Angelo to come in exactly two minutes to the restaurant , where Nick will provide sufficient evidence to put Udo away .	Before confronting Udo , Nick had instructed D'Angelo by telephone to go to a police station near the restaurant and await his call ; he now summons D'Angelo to come in exactly two minutes to the restaurant , where Nick will provide sufficient evidence put to Udo away .
Europ I is actively working on an agenda to improve its working methods and so increase its capacity for rapid interventions.	Europ I is actively working on an agenda to improve its working methods and so increase its capacity rapid interventions. 
Miley sings as herself with `` Hoedown Throwdown '' until Mr. Bradley arrives .	Miley sings as herself with `` Hoedown Throwdown '' Mr. Bradley arrives . 
We cannot waste time on protracted negotiations in conciliation.	We credit waste time on protracted negotiations in conciliation.
Under Regulation (EC) No 546/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1927/2006 on establishing the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund, the scope of the EGF was temporarily widened: intervention was envisaged in situations like this where, as a direct result of the global financial and economic crisis, there are 'at least 500 redundancies over a period of nine months, particularly in small or medium-sized enterprises, in a NACE 2 division in one region or two contiguous regions at NUTS II level'.	Under Regulation (EC) No 546/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1927/2006 on establishing the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund, the scope of the EGF was temporarily widened: intervention was envisaged in situations like this where, as a direct result of the global financial and economic crisis, there are 'at least 500 redundancies over a period of nine months, particularly in small or medium-sized enterprises, in a NACE 2 division in one region or too contiguous regions at NUTS II level'.
Steps are being taken on this and we should support them.	Steps are being taken on this we should support them. 
What is new is that 255 pages of changes have now been inserted in 2 800 pages of treaty, making the text unreadable for everyone but nerds - again, what scheming, lousy behaviour.	What is new is that 255 pages of changes have now been inserted in 2 800 pages of treaty, making the text unreadable for everyone but nails - again, what scheming, lousy behaviour.
I hope that this year's assessment report will encourage Turkey to improve the coordination of its foreign policy with that of the EU.	I hope that this year's assessment report wool encourage Turkey to improve the coordination of its foreign policy with that of the EU.
We have regularly passed on information to Parliament and specifically to the Committee on Culture and Education.	regularly passed We have on information to Parliament and specifically to the Committee on Culture and Education.
Because the $50,000 prize to be announced July 29 is for the artist's whole oeuvre and not the work submitted for the show, I would award it, if forced to choose, to South African William Kentridge, who is known for powerful , many with anti-apartheid themes.	Because the $50,000 prize to be announced July 29 is for the artist's whole oeuvre and not the work submitted for the show, I would award it, if forced to choose, to South African William Kentridge, who is known powerful , many with anti-apartheid themes. 
He condones his sister 's inattention at school and consequently she grows up anpadh .	He condones his sister 's inattention at school abd consequently she grows up anpadh .
Allowances are distributed to electricity generators, and the cap declines at specific intervals, 2010, and then again in 2018.	Allowances are distributed to electricity generators, and the cap declines at specific intervals, 2214, and then again in 2018.
The main character of the movie is Sara Novak , a college student who , along with comic book store owner named Vern , spend their time solving riddles .	The main character of the movie is Sara , Novak a college student who , along with comic book store owner named Vern , spend their time solving riddles .
; 3 `` Thou Shalt Not Murder '' A doctor kills his patient by leaving a pair of scissors inside her abdomen during surgery .	; 3 `` Thou money Not Murder '' A doctor kills his patient by leaving a pair of scissors inside her abdomen during surgery .
The Commission already welcomed this idea at first reading, but, as Amendment No 15 better meets the concerns of the directive, the Commission would prefer it to be adopted rather than Amendment No 9.	The Commission already welcomed this idea at first reading, but, as Amendment No 15 better meets the concerns of the directive, the prefer it Commission would to be adopted rather than Amendment No 9.
Hope that the presidential elections will lead to a new beginning and eventually to democracy is ebbing by the day, and, every day, President Lukashenko devises new ways of oppressing the opposition and those among his country’s people who claim the right to think differently.	Hope that the presidential elections will lead to a new beginning and eventually to democracy is ebbing by the day, and, every day, President Lukashenko devises new ways of oppressing the oppression and those among his country’s people who claim the right to think differently.
It aims for training specific to each type of media, and reaffirms that everyone has a right to access information and communication technologies.	It aims for training specific to each type of media, and reaffirms that everyone has a right to access inspiration and communication technologies.
Hughes secures contracts with the Army Air Forces for two projects : a spy aircraft and a huge troop transport designed to circumvent the U-boat menace .	Hughes secures with the Army Air Forces for two projects : a spy aircraft and a huge troop transport designed to circumvent the U-boat menace . 
Therefore I am recommending a negative vote in relation to these areas.	Therefore I am recommending a negative vote in relation these to areas.
If, like me, you had been able to see in excess of 200 000 people gathered in that city, you would have been in no doubt whatsoever about the extent to which both the European Union and the Government of the United Kingdom are acting with the full support of people from right across Europe in pursuit of the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.	If, like me, you had been able to see excess of 200 000 people gathered in that city, you would have been in no doubt whatsoever about the extent to which both the European Union and the Government of the United Kingdom are acting with the full support of people from right across Europe in pursuit of the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals. 
Acidification occurs due to acid rain, caused by air polluting emissions produced by the burning of fossil fuels.	so-called occurs due to acid rain, caused by air polluting emissions produced by the burning of fossil fuels.
I must acknowledge the efforts made by the President–in–Office of the Council at the time, particularly since he is British, and the British are very tough negotiators.	I must acknowledge the efforts made by the President–in–Office of the Council at the time, particularly since is he British, and the British are very tough negotiators.
What is this amendment about?	What is this amendment added?
Brad currently attends college .	Buud currently attends college .
'We need to go faster!' White yelled.	'We nerd to go faster!' White yelled.
Later that night , after shooting Seven with her mask down describing the Bloc 's militant objectives , the videotape is returned to the network with the rest of his footage by Jake 's Girlfriend and co-worker Chloe , without Jake 's permission .	Later that night , after shooting Seven with her mask down describing the Bloc 's militant objectives , the videotape is returned to the network with the rest of his footage by Jake 's shot and co-worker Chloe , without Jake 's permission .
Having said that, Madam President, if there is an area, a context in which the dimension of young people is essential, it is the new recruits of Asia: it is they who may be able to take over from the old generation of Mandarins, those many elderly people who are unfortunately in command of these countries which are often run by dictatorships.	Having said that, Madam President, if there is an area, a context which the dimension of young people is essential, it is the new recruits of Asia: it is they who may be able to take over from the old generation of Mandarins, those many elderly people who are unfortunately in command of these countries which are often run by dictatorships. 
Health inequalities vary from country to country and from region to region.	Health inequalities vary form country to country and from region to region.
Beth gifts him with an old manual typewriter ; and Remy decides to document his life as a repo man .	Beth gifts him with an old manual typewriter ; and Remy decides to document his life as a run man .
People who confront him dread even his sheer presence .	People confront him dread even his sheer presence . 
The whole idea behind this procedure is to guarantee that goods are delivered quickly, equitably and in the interest of all patients in Europe.	The whole idea behind this procedure is to guarantee that goods are delivered quickly, equitably add in the interest of all patients in Europe.
-LCB- -LCB- plot -RCB- -RCB- Sitting alone at a roadside bar in Arizona , Fred `` Rabbit '' Smith drinks nervously .	-LCB- plot -LCB- -RCB- -RCB- Sitting alone at a roadside bar in Arizona , Fred `` Rabbit '' Smith drinks nervously .
Indeed, I am convinced we will have to go much further.	am convinced Indeed, I we will have to go much further.
What will this lead to?	What will this to? 
On the one hand, in terms of technical measures, we move very quickly to prescribe remedies, even if it is simply a matter of making things more expensive and the safety benefits are not entirely clear.	On the one hand, in the of technical measures, we move very quickly to prescribe remedies, even if it is simply a matter of making things more expensive and terms safety benefits are not entirely clear.
Therefore, we regret that the Commission has effectively called this into question by means of a legal case in Finland which questions the contention that Finnish agreements apply in Finland from day one.	Therefore, we regret that the Commission has effectively called this into question by means of a legal case in Finland which questions the Czech that Finnish agreements apply in Finland from day one.
We are in agreement, and for that reason we should cooperate sensibly and effectively.	We are in agreement, and for that reason we should cooperate sensibly effectively. and
'Illegal immigration' is nothing more than the understandable reaction to EU-efforts to fence itself off from migratory flows resulting from global poverty, war and capitalist exploitation.	'Illegal immigration' is nothing more than the understandable reaction to First to fence itself off from migratory flows resulting from global poverty, war and capitalist exploitation.
Upon arriving in Scotland , Mac teams up with local Knox representative Danny Oldsen .	Upon arriving in Scotland , Mic teams up with local Knox representative Danny Oldsen .
Secondly, I will be voting against it because this text is socially unacceptable and dangerous.	Secondly, will be voting against it because this text is socially unacceptable and dangerous. 
Every year, some 3 000 inhabitants of Tibet flee their country.	Every year, sole 3 000 inhabitants of Tibet flee their country.
That said, I now want to speak about Mrs Klaß's report.	That said, I now want to speak about Mrs Krupa's report.
This assessment is not overly enthusiastic because, although it reports on progress made, it also highlights the fact that a great deal is still to be done in various areas.	This assessment is not overly enthusiastic because, although it reports on progress made, highlights the it also fact that a great deal is still to be done in various areas.
On average, carmakers invest 4% in research and development.	research average, carmakers invest 4% in On and development.
The blast forces Maddy towards the surface , but throws Kit downwards .	The forces Maddy towards the surface , but throws Kit downwards . 
She goes to Prithvi for help , but he refuses her , showing her a new painting in which she is hanging herself and the same lines seem to appear behind her .	She goes to Prithvi for help , but he refuses her , showing her a new painting in she is hanging herself and the same lines seem to appear behind her . 
I think that is very good - it shows that they have things under control!	I think that is very good - it shows that tiny have things under control!
The environment deserves that we go through a further mediation procedure to that end, in which we actually get the Council to make the necessary improvements.	The environment deserves that we go through a further mediation procedure to that ecu, in which we actually get the Council to make the necessary improvements.
The agreement on customs union, far from resulting in a reduction of Islamic influence, is going to help increase it.	The agreement on customs union, far from resulting a in reduction of Islamic influence, is going to help increase it.
But God is in for a shock when on his last night with them , Rasu and Santhanam steal his ` galaxy box ' and use it to improve their lives .	But God is in for a shock when on his last night with them , will and Santhanam steal his ` galaxy box ' and use it to improve their lives .
A bill poster waits for him to pass and pastes up an advertising bill .	A bill poster waits for him to pass and pastes an advertising bill . 
Last time, I declared an interest in the radio and television broadcasting sector.	Last time, I declared an interest in the radio sector. television broadcasting and
Ryan and Holt return to the bar one night , and find Julie sitting alone .	and Ryan Holt return to the bar one night , and find Julie sitting alone .
After all, something is obviously being set in motion: this sort of thing is, of course, making homophobia more widespread, and the Commissioner is, after all, responsible for compliance with anti-discrimination legislation within the labour market.	After all, something is obviously being set in motion: this thing is, sort of of course, making homophobia more widespread, and the Commissioner is, after all, responsible for compliance with anti-discrimination legislation within the labour market.
   We believe that the EU is a union of values and that Turkey is part of its neighbourhood.	   We believe that the EU is a union values and that Turkey is part of its neighbourhood. 
Indeed, I believe that, with this scheme, we are taking an important step towards making packaging safe and towards clarifying the situation.	Indeed, I believe that, with this scheme, we taking an important step towards making packaging safe and towards clarifying the situation. 
We must draw the necessary conclusions from this, otherwise it will not work in practice.	We must the draw necessary conclusions from this, otherwise it will not work in practice.
Balamani was shocked to see Manu for first time , because she had seen him in her dreams before as her groom .	Balamani was shocked to see Manu for first tire , because she had seen him in her dreams before as her groom .
Laura Fields comes to Dooley 's house and she hires him to find her missing fiance .	Laura Fields comes to Dooley 's heave and she hires him to find her missing fiance .
When I was dealing with this subject it struck me that the Euro would also represent a very important example of standardization, although of course that is not the issue today.	When I was dealing with this subject it struck me that the Euro would anno represent a very important example of standardization, although of course that is not the issue today.
That night , at Anastasia 's return celebration , Marie informs her of Dimitri 's gesture and leaves her to her thoughts .	That night , at Anastasia 's return celebration , Marie informs har of Dimitri 's gesture and leaves her to her thoughts .
` Bobbie ' Blake , , and Phillip Henderson , , are complete strangers , looking in a jewellery store window , when a hood known as The Sparkler , , sets them up to take the wrap , stashing some of the loot in their pockets , as the gang makes their getaway .	` Bobbie ' Blake , , and Phillip Henderson , , are complete strangers , looking in a jewellery store window , when a hood known as The Sparkler , , sets them up to take the wrap , stashing some of the loot in their pockets , as the gong makes their getaway .
It is about the need for the European Union to take the lead here.	It is about the need fur the European Union to take the lead here.
It is difficult to rank these horizontal policies, but health and safety in the workplace, equality and sustainable development are certainly amongst the most important.	It is difficult to rank these horizontal policies, but and safety in the workplace, equality and sustainable development are certainly amongst the most important. 
If they are not, we would paradoxically be blocking the free trade that we are actually striving to facilitate.	we they are not, we would paradoxically be blocking the free trade that If are actually striving to facilitate.
Fiona , Brianna and Gabriella are made to work off the money they stole from Sam at the diner , which is restored to its former glory before Hal 's death by its new owners , Sam and Rhonda .	Fiona , Brianna and Gabriella are made to work off the money they from Sam at the diner , which is restored to its former glory before Hal 's death by its new owners , Sam and Rhonda . 
Satin and Sister run to Satin 's car and drive home .	Sutin and Sister run to Satin 's car and drive home .
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, it is not enough that tomorrow this resolution will probably be voted for unanimously and that all the political groups of this House have a broad and strong political desire to further this initiative.	Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, it is not enough that tomorrow this will probably be voted for unanimously and that all the political groups of this House have a broad and strong political desire to further this initiative. 
We are retracting from milk, poultry and grain markets, not to mention beef.	We are retracting from milk, poultry and grain markets, not to mailmen beef.
Can the Commission state what parts of the current Euratom Treaty powers on nuclear safety regulation are inadequate and require such changes; what consultation the Commission has had with Member States in respect of plans to increase the import of nuclear fuels into the EU; and whether the Commission envisages that these increased nuclear imports are intended for reprocessing at Sellafield and The Hague?	Can the Commission state what parts of tie current Euratom Treaty powers on nuclear safety regulation are inadequate and require such changes; what consultation the Commission has had with Member States in respect of plans to increase the import of nuclear fuels into the EU; and whether the Commission envisages that these increased nuclear imports are intended for reprocessing at Sellafield and The Hague?
You could never be let go.'	You could never be lit go.'
Joshua follows him , assuming Stephen and Quaid are working together .	Joshua are him , assuming Stephen and Quaid follows working together .
This could have a very profound impact on both the people of Europe and the acceptability of the whole European project.	This could have a very profound impact on both toe people of Europe and the acceptability of the whole European project.
That is what this House as a whole wants.	That is what this Hous eas a whole wants.
For instance, in the draft, the rectors elected would have to be confirmed by the Minister, who is himself a political appointee, and universities would be forced to merge on arbitrary criteria, or could even be closed and their assets repossessed.	For inclined, in the draft, the rectors elected would have to be confirmed by the Minister, who is himself a political appointee, and universities would be forced to merge on arbitrary criteria, or could even be closed and their assets repossessed.
Gerber says that if you love someone and want to live a successful married life , you have to accept and respect their family as well .	Gerber says that if you love someone add want to live a successful married life , you have to accept and respect their family as well .
Suwak ate his dinner: the steak was too tough, and the pudding too runny.	Suwak ate his dinner: the steak wsa too tough, and the pudding too runny.
This must be continually reviewed and adjusted if necessary.	This must continually reviewed and adjusted if necessary. 
He nearly freezes to death , but Nicholas takes him into his house , much to the disappointment of King Mogorb , leader of the Awgwas .	He nearly freezes to death , but Nicholas takes hum into his house , much to the disappointment of King Mogorb , leader of the Awgwas .
I would like to ask two questions specifically, to add to what he has told us already.	I would like to ask two questions specifically, add to to what he has told us already.
It would therefore be virtual madness to wait for a further five years until these combustion plants stop of their own accord.	It would therefore be virtual madness to wait for a further five years until these combustion pivots stop of their own accord.
As the show wraps up , Bob makes an unexpected appearance as `` The Red Wonder '' .	As the show wraps up , Bob makes an unexpected as `` The Red Wonder '' . 
However, the issue of energy merits a tailored approach based on the improvement of specific indicators such as energy intensity or energy deficit.	However, the issue of energy merits a tailored although based on the improvement of specific indicators such as energy intensity or energy deficit.
Furthermore, while it is strongly in favour of a responsible arms transfer policy, it is not convinced of the merits of a legally binding Code of Conduct, imposed by the EU, in advance of an internationally binding Arms Trade Treaty.	Furthermore, while it is strongly in favour of a responsible arms transfer policy, it is not convinced of the merits of a legally binding Code of Directive imposed by the EU, in advance of an internationally binding Arms Trade Treaty.
Zee reappears and shows them a passage underneath a bed .	Zee reappears and shows them a passage underneath bed . 
Louis XIV, the Sun King, was quite simply a megalomaniac, but he also had extraordinary vision.	Louis XIV, the Sun King, was quite simply a to but he also had extraordinary vision.
He asks Shelley to marry him .	He asks Shelley to marry . 
Her marriage is immediately stopped and her grandmother falls ill .	Her marriage is incongruity stopped and her grandmother falls ill .
Without reform, the combined financial burden of Social Security and Medicare on future taxpayers becomes unsustainable.	Without reform, the combined burden of Social Security and Medicare on future taxpayers becomes unsustainable. 
Now, according to some information, the Commission services are preparing a new proposal for a regulation.	Now, according to some information, the Commission services preparing a new proposal for a regulation. 
I hope the House will throw out these resolutions and support the amendments.	I hope the Hedge will throw out these resolutions and support the amendments.
After a brief fight , Orin discovers that Montini has been working undercover trying to nail Walker and Orin messed it up , and that does not sit well with Montini 's musclebound partner Useldinger .	After a brief fight , Orin discovers that Montini has been working undercover trying to nail Walker and Orin messed it up , and that does not sit well with Montini 's each partner Useldinger .
One of the most important elements of our work here today, and the vote in favour of the Lynne report, has been that it sends out a clear message, not just from the 15 countries of the European Union but also from the 10 accession countries, that we want to establish common standards and rules.	One of the most important elements of our work here today, and the vote in favour of the Lynne report, has been that it sends out a clear message, not just from the 15 countries of the European Uddin but also from the 10 accession countries, that we want to establish common standards and rules.
Perhaps it was normal for us not to be able to escape more quickly from the burden of the 50 years which separated us from the rest of Europe.	Perhaps it was normal for us not to be able to evolve more quickly from the burden of the 50 years which separated us from the rest of Europe.
Pat Riley is an obnoxious job-hopper of indeterminable sex who is searching for a steady foundation in his\/her life .	Pat Riley is an job-hopper of indeterminable sex who is searching for a steady foundation in his\/her life . 
The film begins with a shot of the United States Capitol being destroyed .	The film begins with a shot of the United Capitol being destroyed . 
We need to bear in mind that, at the joint General Affairs Council held by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs and the Ministers for Defence, there was an opportunity to examine all these issues and I believe that perhaps the next opportunity will be later rather than sooner, within a period of three, four or five weeks in other words.	We to bear in mind that, at the joint General Affairs Council held by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs and the Ministers for Defence, there was an opportunity to examine all these issues and I believe that perhaps the next opportunity will be later rather than sooner, within a period of three, four or five weeks in other words. 
When all seems to be going according to plan , enter Ms. Mafalda da Silveira , Andr 's aunt , who unmasks her nephew and ends the farse .	When all seems to be going according to plan , enter Ms. Mafalda da Silveira , Andr 's aunt who unmasks her nephew and ends the farse . 
His older sister , Shelby , is in nursing school and falls in love with the ships doctor Ballard .	His older sister , Shelby , is in nursing school and falls in love with the ships doctor escapes .
Sam also visits Jenna , who is significantly better off and living more cleanly ; she refuses to help him .	Sam also visits Jenna , who is significantly better off and living cleanly more ; she refuses to help him .
And to avoid complaints from all who had declared their interest, twelve were chosen out of the 173 for which they had been invited to submit applications.	And to avoid complaints from all who had declared their interest, twelve were chosen out of the 173 for had been which they invited to submit applications.
In essence, however, we first need to clarify three points.	Ine ssence, however, we first need to clarify three points.
Conveniently , Don meets a beautiful white horse named Satin Doll at the stables soon after and develops a crush on the mare .	Conveniently , Don at a beautiful white horse named Satin Doll meets the stables soon after and develops a crush on the mare .
Despite his ongoing declarations that women have no place on board ships , the ship 's first mate , Jack Driscoll is obviously becoming attracted to Ann .	Despite his ongoing declarations that women have no place on board ships , the ship 's first mate , Jack Driscoll is obviously birdsong attracted to Ann .
We have discussed the matter time and again with Commissioner Nielson and urged him to visit the region.	We have discussed the matter and time again with Commissioner Nielson and urged him to visit the region.
In the back of the cell , they find Arthur 's grandfather , who like Arthur has become a Minimoy altering his body the same way as Arthurs .	In the back of the cell , they Arthur find 's grandfather , who like Arthur has become a Minimoy altering his body the same way as Arthurs .
What is nice about our committee – the Committee on Women’s Rights and Equal Opportunities – is that we can often agree from right to left.	What is nice about oar committee – the Committee on Women’s Rights and Equal Opportunities – is that we can often agree from right to left.
It calls on the Member States to change the antidiscrimination provision of the Treaty and to make reference to disability.	It calls on the Member States Treaty change the antidiscrimination provision of the to and to make reference to disability.
It was Ta 's great-grandmother who had told Panor that in order to break the spells placed on her she had to kill the monk that was paid to perform them and eat his flesh .	It was Ta 's great-grandmother who had told Panor that in order to break the spells placed on her she had to kill the monk that was paid to puranam them and eat his flesh .
The aim is to provide highly advanced connectivity and services in Europe's national research and education networks at a level that allows them to play a leading role in cutting-edge research allowing the Géant to involve from 2.5 gigabits to 10 gigabits per second and thereafter to 100 gigabits per second in the coming years.	The aim is to provide highly advanced and services in Europe's national research and education networks at a level that allows them to play a leading role in cutting-edge research allowing the Géant to involve from 2.5 gigabits to 10 gigabits per second and thereafter to 100 gigabits per second in the coming years. 
Furthermore, active participation in the labour market makes a substantial contribution to a decent standard of living, regional development and social cohesion, although investment in education and research, as well as government action in cases of serious market failure, also have a key role to play.	Furthermore, active participation in the makes a labour market substantial contribution to a decent standard of living, regional development and social cohesion, although investment in education and research, as well as government action in cases of serious market failure, also have a key role to play.
While Sharon is sitting in her cell early the next morning , awaiting trial , a loud trumpet blows that is heard all over the world , signaling the start of the Rapture .	While Sharon is sitting in her cell early the next morning , awaiting trial , a loud trumpet blows that is heard all over the world , the start of the Rapture . 
To convince the clients who are reluctant to give the project to them , Srinivasan produces the ad at his own risk with his own money , on the agreement that the project will be accepted if done everything perfectly .	To convince the clients who are reluctant to give the project to them , Srinivasan produces the ad at his own his own risk with money , on the agreement that the project will be accepted if done everything perfectly .
After a struggle , in which Frankenstein 's torch fails to save him , the monster knocks Frankenstein unconscious and carries him off to the old mill .	After a struggle , in which Frankenstein 's torch save him fails to , the monster knocks Frankenstein unconscious and carries him off to the old mill .
The main characters of the series are the psychic , Alison Mundy and the academic who becomes involved with her due to his skeptical interest in the paranormal , Dr Robert Bridge .	The main characters of the series are the psychic , Alison Mundy and the academic who becomes involved with her due skeptical interest to his in the paranormal , Dr Robert Bridge .
Corbeck finds out that his great discovery is in trouble : traces of bacteria have been found on the mummy .	Corbeck finds out that his great discovery is in trouble : of bacteria have been found on the mummy . 
Caravan at 65 Hollywood Road and the shops in The Silk Road at Ocean Ceter in Tsim Sha Tsui are good places to start looking.	Caravan at 65 Hollywood Road and the shops in The Silk Road at Ceter in Tsim Sha Tsui are good places to start looking. 
It would not, therefore, be reasonable, through this guarantee, to support different policies from those decided on by the European Union.	It would not, therefore, be reasonable, through this guarantee, to support different policies from those decided by the European Union. 
Furthermore, we refuse to join in the congratulations addressed to the French authorities.	Furthermore, we refuse to join in the congratulations al-Rashid to the French authorities.
Valentine , Mercer and Susana , Samuel 's assistant , hold up in a military bunker .	Valentine , Mercer and Susana , Samuel 's assistant , hodl up in a military bunker .
You can happily write anything you like on it, but implementing what is written can be much more difficult.	You can happily write anything you like on it, but implementing what is written can be myth more difficult.
Chandramathi thinks Lekha will be the perfect wife for her husband and a good mother for her children .	Chandramathi thinks will be the perfect wife for her husband and a good mother for her children . 
The snake follows the crew , who are in a truck , but is wounded by a grenade .	The snake follows the chow , who are in a truck , but is wounded by a grenade .
The vote will take place during the March part-session.	The vote will take place during the March commitments
In an ironic twist , Gilbert 's mother turns out to be Suzanne Somers , a famous actress\/sex symbol about whom Gilbert used to fantasize while masturbating .	In an ironic twist , Gilbert 's mother turns out to be Suzanne Somers , a famous actress\/sex symbol about whom Gilbert used to while masturbating . 
However , when they show up for work another day , they realize that their boss , Luther , has discovered the money and fled .	However , when they show up for work another day , they realize that their boss , Luther , has discovered the money and both .
We do not think it is strong enough.	We do not think it is strong exiled.
The Commission will in particular examine the potential cases of adverse tax consequences for investors.	The Commission will in particular the potential cases of adverse tax consequences for investors. 
There are at least 15 different procedures for making decisions in this House. Such complexity is wasteful of resources and cannot be reasonably explained to the general public.	There are at least 15 cannot procedures for making decisions in this House. Such complexity is wasteful of resources and different be reasonably explained to the general public.
Aidan admits that victims of the curse see themselves , but swears that all victims commit suicide because they are compelled to , not because something takes over them .	Aidan admits that victims of the curse see themselves , but swears that all victims commit suicide because they are compelled , not because something takes over them . 
During the tender moment , they declare that they ` pretend ' to love each other and kiss .	During the tender moment , they declare that they ` pretend ' to love each other kiss . 
Tam s is a director of video clips and commercials , but dreams of directing a feature film .	Tam s is a director of video clips and commercials , but dreams of directing a feature from .
That is an important distinction which should be taken into account in the debate, and I am most grateful to you for your approach.	That is an important distinction which should be taken into account in the debate, and I am most grateful to you for approach. 
Does it, for example, mean that the European Parliament will have a maximum of six weeks in which to discuss this information, or, as the Commissioner has said, will we be given sufficient time?	Does it, for will mean that the European Parliament will have a maximum of six weeks in which to discuss this information, or, as the Commissioner has said, example, we be given sufficient time?
Fred alters the video of the fake party and posts it on the internet , whereupon his peers are misled into believing that Fred and Bertha actually held an extraordinary party .	Fred alters the video of the fake party party posts it on the internet , whereupon his peers are misled into believing that Fred and Bertha actually held an extraordinary and .
The gurukkal asks the Venu 's past and his mother discloses that he is not her real son .	The gurukkal asks the Viju 's past and his mother discloses that he is not her real son .
Mani s mother sends him to his uncle Duria s house .	Mani s mother sends hem to his uncle Duria s house .
Trent , upset that the wedding is still on , goes back to Douglas and tells him he wo n't pay until the engagement is broken for good .	Trent , upset that the wedding is still on , goes back to Douglas and tells him he wo n't pay until the escarpment is broken for good .
He appeared to be very concerned at the slow recovery of economic growth.	He appeared to be very concerned at the stew recovery of economic growth.
   Once again the summit has burdened the peoples with the weight of an aggravated anti-grass roots policy.	   Once again the summit has dealt the peoples with the weight of an aggravated anti-grass roots policy.
Why, too, does the structure not make it even clearer what is about legislation and what is not?	Why, too, does the structure not make it even clearer about legislation what is and what is not?
We have absolutely nothing against Mr Papoutsis personally, but it is clear that Mrs Bjerregaard should have been here.	We have absolutely nothing afflict Mr Papoutsis personally, but it is clear that Mrs Bjerregaard should have been here.
He beats one of the SS men to death , shoots some of them and lets two of them drown in the well , where he closes the grid , preventing them from escaping .	He beats one of the SS mon to death , shoots some of them and lets two of them drown in the well , where he closes the grid , preventing them from escaping .
Today, the EP agreed to give EUR 300 million (until 2013) to Bulgaria for their current programme to decommission 4 nuclear units in Kozloduy.	Today, the EP altijd to give EUR 300 million (until 2013) to Bulgaria for their current programme to decommission 4 nuclear units in Kozloduy.
When the woman turns out to be an entertainer , pretending to know the answers of questions posed by the customers , Lindley asks her where Bernhardt is .	When the woman turns out to be an entertainer , pretending to know the answers of questions posed by the customers , Lindley asks har where Bernhardt is .
He uses Mrs. Little 's ring to temporarily blind him , and jumps out using a bandana as a parachute .	He uses Little 's ring to temporarily blind him , and jumps out using a bandana as a parachute . 
This film was a major turning point in Sathyaraj 's acting career .	This film was a major tracing point in Sathyaraj 's acting career .
But at least it is the first ombudsman system in a CIS country.	But at lernt it is the first ombudsman system in a CIS country.
Little does Theresa know that Simon has just quit his job .	Little does Theresa know that has just quit his job . 
Kutty -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Vijay wants to become a singer while working as a local cable provider run by Mani .	Khady -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Vijay wants to become a singer while working as a local cable provider run by Mani .
This is hardly convincing, as anyone who has read the Bruguière Report knows that it contains almost no empirical data.	This is hardly convincing, as anyone who has read the Bruguière Report knows no it contains almost that empirical data.
I see an agreement, but not the common area that was meant to arise.	I see agreement, an but not the common area that was meant to arise.
We have to find answers to the challenge of enlargement, but the Union at its present size also needs to re-establish the rules of the game and the decision-making process.	We have to find answers to the challenge of enlargement, but the Union at its present size also re-establish the needs to rules of the game and the decision-making process.
The regulation establishing the Agency expressly provides, for example, that the Agency should cooperate closely with the Council of Europe.	The regulation establishing the Agency expressly provides, fer example, that the Agency should cooperate closely with the Council of Europe.
It is pointless to attempt to achieve a stable European Union without a genuine, effective foreign policy.	It is pointless to attempt to achieve a stable Euroepan Union without a genuine, effective foreign policy.
What is also at issue, of course, is the long-distance transportation of livestock and a good deal else which will have to be changed as part of a transformation of the whole of the EU' s common agricultural policy.	What is also at issue, of course, is the long-distance transportation of livestock and a good deal else which will have to be changed as part a transformation of the whole of the EU' s common agricultural policy. 
I do not support the view that we should restrict ourselves simply to creating a rail market. Rather, I think we should work towards a European transport policy, which is not quite the same thing.	I do not support the view that we should restrict ourselves simply to creating a rail market. Rather, I think we should work towards a European transport policy, which is not quite the same towel.
In my opinion, it must be ensured that the national safety authorities issue their safety certificates and authorisations in accordance with what is laid down by the European Railway Agency (ERA).	In my opinion, it must be ensured national safety that the authorities issue their safety certificates and authorisations in accordance with what is laid down by the European Railway Agency (ERA).
There are clearly a number of high priorities in relation to unemployment and I hope that Members would understand that, given the high levels of unemployment that pertain in virtually all of the European Union countries and the need to tackle that problem of unemployment.	There are a number of high priorities in relation to unemployment and I hope that Members would understand that, given the high levels of unemployment that pertain in virtually all of the European Union countries and the need to tackle that problem of unemployment. 
The prime ministers and presidents must coordinate their campaigns.	The prime ministers and presidents coordinate their campaigns. 
Another man kisses and embraces Maddalena , who loses interest in Marcello .	Another in kisses and embraces Maddalena , who loses interest man Marcello .
For almost ten years, there have been very few outbreaks and the outbreaks in 1993 in Italy and 1996 and 2000 in Greece appear to have been rapidly brought under control.	For almost ten years, there have been very few outbreaks and the outbreaks in 1993 in Italy 1996 and 2000 in Greece appear to have been rapidly brought under control. 
By imposing heavy penalties on criminal organisations which indulge in trafficking in people, we clearly denounce this type of practice.	By imposing heavy penalties on criminal organisations which indulge in trafifcking in people, we clearly denounce this type of practice.
One by one , he sees his gang disbanding , unbeknownst to him , the healing power of the Patriarch at work .	One by one , he sees his gang disbanding , unbeknownst to him , the healing polar of the Patriarch at work .
In the interim , Curly begins to flirt with the socialite 's maid , who is in the process of preparing a large bowl of punch .	In the interim , Curly begins to flirt with the socialite 's maid , who is in the process of a large bowl of punch . 
As I see it, the situation continues to be intolerable, and it is one that we need to do something about.	As I see it, teh situation continues to be intolerable, and it is one that we need to do something about.
In this regard, we ask that the international OSCE/ODIHR observers be granted unhampered access.	In the regard, we ask that this international OSCE/ODIHR observers be granted unhampered access.
I hope the European Parliament will reinforce and rebalance the regulations in these areas in the next negotiating phase.	I hope tie European Parliament will reinforce and rebalance the regulations in these areas in the next negotiating phase.
He arranges for her son and Mast Ram to live in a mansion owned by his father and now vacant alongside an ayah for the infant .	He arranges for her son and Mast Ram to live now a mansion owned by his father and in vacant alongside an ayah for the infant .
I therefore urge you to convene the leaders of Council, Commission and Parliament before this House rises in May to agree on how to compose Parliament and Commission with legal certainty.	I therefore urge you to convene the leaders of Council, Commission and Parliament before this House in May to agree on how to compose Parliament and Commission with legal certainty. 
Question No 29 by (H-0452/00):	Quechuan No 29 by (H-0452/00):
In the preamble to the rule, FDA presents a summary of its economic analyses, discussing the potential benefits of the proposed rule and the economic impact that could occur as a result of its implementation.	In the preamble to the rule, FDA presents a summary of its economic analyses, discussing the potential benefits of the proposed rule the economic impact that could occur as a result of its implementation. 
Sabrina has to use her magic to turn Katie into a poodle to stop her but later changes her back .	Sabrina has to use her magic to turn Katie into a poodle to stop her but later changes back . 
Better add two cc. of cortisone to the transfusion." Hanson tried to sit up, but his arms refused to bear his weight.	Better add two cc. of crocodile to the transfusion." Hanson tried to sit up, but his arms refused to bear his weight.
Only by being here with us will they be able to obtain first-hand information regarding their progress in eliminating the shortcomings mentioned by Commissioner Olli Rehn, on the legislative work under way all summer in Bulgaria, and on the implementation of existing legislation.	being here Only by with us will they be able to obtain first-hand information regarding their progress in eliminating the shortcomings mentioned by Commissioner Olli Rehn, on the legislative work under way all summer in Bulgaria, and on the implementation of existing legislation.
This is not clear at the moment.	This is not clear ta the moment.
With regard to contractual relations without any international element, I think that every Member State must continue to apply its own national legislation, according to its legal tradition and established practices.	With regard to contractual relations without any international element, I that think every Member State must continue to apply its own national legislation, according to its legal tradition and established practices.
If our assembly wants to respect the democratic principle of freedom of choice for consumers, we have to guarantee the transparency of origin of the ingredients of our daily bread.	If our assembly waits to respect the democratic principle of freedom of choice for consumers, we have to guarantee the transparency of origin of the ingredients of our daily bread.
The second point concerns the abortive fisheries agreement with Morocco, which has been mentioned by several speakers here.	The second point concerns the abortive fisheries agerement with Morocco, which has been mentioned by several speakers here.
However, the proposals do not go far enough, because some of them are almost impossible to monitor, for example the proposal that Parliament documents should not be surrendered to outsiders for money.	However, the proposals do not go for enough, because some of them are almost impossible to monitor, for example the proposal that Parliament documents should not be surrendered to outsiders for money.
We heard the President of the Commission say that a European Union peacekeeping force will most probably take over the role of the NATO force in Skopje this week.	We heard the President of the Commission say that a European Union peacekeeping force will most probably take over the role of the NATO force Skopje this week. 
Our aim is to achieve harmony during the French Presidency, and I hope that the forthcoming Presidency assumes its duties successfully, so that the present issue can be wrapped up before the end of the year.	Our aim is to achieve harmony during the French Presidency, and I hope that the forthcoming Presidency assumes its duties successfully, so that the present issue can be associated up before the end of the year.
But they are unable to tell him why music has been banned and are distinctly displeased when he sings a few verses from the Holy Quran to the accompaniment of a guitar .	But they are unable to tell him why music has banned and are distinctly displeased when he sings a few verses from the Holy Quran to the accompaniment of a guitar . 
The odds of winning are very low in fact, the house advantage is greater than that of any other casino game but it's an inexpensive way to pass the time while you're dining.	The odds of winning are very low in fact, the house advantage is greater than that of any other casino game but it's an inexpensive way to pass the time while you're like
They are possible, but they are by no means guaranteed.	They are possible, bit they are by no means guaranteed.
Captain Kinross and the 90 surviving members of the crew are taken to Alexandria in Egypt .	Captain Kinross ahd the 90 surviving members of the crew are taken to Alexandria in Egypt .
Business-to-business communications are doing well but we must enhance communications between business and consumers in the European Union, where we lag behind the United States.	Business-to-business communications are doing well but we must enhance communications between business and in the European Union, where we lag behind the United States. 
The first impulse is wrath , hatred and accusations of being cheated but then love overpowers everything and he goes on to love her even more .	The first impulse is wrath , hatred and accusations of being cheated but then love overpowers everything and he on to love her even more . 
They may do so at any time.	Toby may do so at any time.
Jung throws off his mantle as Freud 's `` son and heir '' , and their friendship ends .	Jung throws off his mantle as Freud `` son and heir '' , and their friendship ends . 
Ajit tries to quit job and go back to Kolkata .	Ajit tries to job and go back to Kolkata . 
I am only asking.	I only asking. 
At first , Farrell is outraged , but when he hears about the sharp increase in ticket sales , he signs Teresita to a contract .	At first , Farrell is outraged , but when he hears about the sharp ice-free in ticket sales , he signs Teresita to a contract .
Consequently, their use should be approached from the perspective of sustainable development and should be the subject of comparable harmonised Community statistics on production, import, export and marketing with a view to the preparation and monitoring of Community legislation in this area.	Consequently, their use be approached from the perspective of sustainable development and should be the subject of comparable harmonised Community statistics on production, import, export and marketing with a view to the preparation and monitoring of Community legislation in this area. 
Apollinaire tells us , face to face , about the never-ending journey with an uncertain ending .	Apollinaire tells us , face to face , about the never-ending journey with an ending . 
The 1948 law on the freedom of the press in Italy, which no one has ever challenged, lays down an obligation not for authorisation but for registration of any publication, as does the Hungarian law.	The 1948 law on the freedom of the press in Italy, which no one has ever challenged, lays down an obligation not for authorisation but for of any publication, as does the Hungarian law. 
Peterson refuses , but there is a strong suggestion that he will `` turn a blind eye '' .	Peterson refuses , but there is a strong that he will `` turn a blind eye '' . 
It is not too much to ask, and this evening, by discussing the new instruments to support SMEs, we can certainly go a long way in doing that.	It is not too much to ask, and this evening, by discussing toe new instruments to support SMEs, we can certainly go a long way in doing that.
With regard to Mr Katiforis' report on the ECB's power to impose sanctions, I agree with his sound and sensible conclusions.	With regard to Mr Katiforis' roinnt on the ECB's power to impose sanctions, I agree with his sound and sensible conclusions.
Toward Greek Independence	Toward Independence 
Liberalisation calls for better rules and a genuine monitoring of these rules; the Enron affair should be a lesson to us all.	Liberalisation calls for better rules of a genuine monitoring and these rules; the Enron affair should be a lesson to us all.
Parliament today gave its declaration of intended rejection of the common position, which was debated along with Mr Monfils' proposal.	Parliament today gave its diffraction of intended rejection of the common position, which was debated along with Mr Monfils' proposal.
Keizer Ghidorah initially has an advantage over Godzilla using lightning to overpower him and drain Godzilla 's power through its teeth .	ship Ghidorah initially has an advantage over Godzilla using lightning to overpower him and drain Godzilla 's power through its teeth .
Sometimes it is difficult to talk to a client directly.	Sometimes it difficult to talk to a client directly. 
That is, I think, the challenge for this Commission.	That is, I think, the challenge for tugs Commission.
She manages to briefly hang on , but Tom refuses to help and watches her fall to her death .	She manages to briefly hang on , but Tom refuses to help aid watches her fall to her death .
As they do so , they also come to value the sheep as companions in their family .	As they do so , they also come to the sheep as companions in their family . 
Regrettably, this is directly reflected in the chances of survival of women with breast cancer, which is directly affected by the disparity in access to screening, diagnosis and treatment.	Regrettably, this is directly reflected in the chacnes of survival of women with breast cancer, which is directly affected by the disparity in access to screening, diagnosis and treatment.
Through the artistic community , he is introduced to a kind and pleasant sculptress named Eva Burns , and they develop a friendship .	Through the artistic community , he is introduced to a kind and pleasant sculptress named Eva Burns , and develop a friendship . 
In the 'meat' sector, the maximum aid per head would therefore, be EUR 39, which would ensure equal treatment in terms of public premiums per hectare for sheep breeders and milk-cow breeders.	In the 'meat' sector, the maximum aid per head would therefore, be EUR 39, which would ensure equal treatment in terms of public premiums par hectare for sheep breeders and milk-cow breeders.
She is also critical of his interest in other women .	Swe is also critical of his interest in other women .
Social engineering, rather then protecting against crime, tends to weaken resistance.	Social engineering, rather then protecting against crime, tends to weaken re-kindled.
Mary pities him , but finds herself falling in love with the rough but loyal Bothwell .	Mary pities him , but finds herself falling in love with the rough but loyal Biblical .
From here the story carries on without further exploring Yu Chen 's background .	From here the story carries on without further exploring Yu Chen background . 
As soon as the vote is over, we must carry on and get back down to work on this issue.	As soon as the vote is work we must carry on and get back down to work on this issue.
I offer two solutions to this in my report.	I offer two solutions to tous in my report.
He is given a partial dosage of the cure the scientist had been working on , but soon realizes he is in over his head as he is being hunted by an assassination team .	He is given a partial dosage the cure the scientist had been working on , but soon realizes he is in over his head as he is being hunted by an assassination team . 
She had kept it secret to avoid becoming a suspect in her late fiance 's murder , which could have destroyed her singing career .	She had kept it secret to avoid becoming a suspect in her late fiance 's murder , watch could have destroyed her singing career .
However, since state aid forms the lion' s share of the competition report 1998 I would still like, regardless of Mr Jonckheer' s report, to say one more thing about it.	However, since to aid forms the lion' s share of the competition report 1998 I would still like, regardless of Mr Jonckheer' s report, state say one more thing about it.
A strategic EU energy review, which would allow us to revisit these issues continually, is necessary to provide the best approach in terms of each state’s energy mix.	A strategic EU energy review, which would allow us to revisit these issues continually, is necessary to provide the best admonish in terms of each state’s energy mix.
There are practices and experiences from other countries with tragic results.	There practices and experiences from other countries with tragic results. 
We need to react immediately.	We need to immediately. react
Geller and his pretty niece Anna find him and take him in , teaching him English and how to be human .	Geller and his pretty niece Anna find him in take him and , teaching him English and how to be human .
An angry Manuel tries to leave and gets into a fight with Williams that nearly sinks the vessel .	An array Manuel tries to leave and gets into a fight with Williams that nearly sinks the vessel .
Further, DWP in the United Kingdom plans to use this information to target areas for prevention and detection in the benefit programs, to identify customers who are at risk for higher levels of error in their claims, and to facilitate case interventions.	Further, DWP in the United Kingdom plans to use this information to target areas for and detection in the benefit programs, to identify customers who are at risk for higher levels of error in their claims, and to facilitate case interventions. 
Madam President, I would like to join my colleagues in welcoming the President-in-Office to the House and also to welcome Commissioner Flynn.	Madam President, I would like to join my colleague sin welcoming the President-in-Office to the House and also to welcome Commissioner Flynn.
The bubble takes them to the entrance of a cave filled with boiling hot thermal vents .	The bubble takes them the to entrance of a cave filled with boiling hot thermal vents .
On the other hand, there is the danger arising from those who believe that it is possible to make Europe a power at the same time as there are 25 micro markets for energy and 25 micro markets for services.	On the other hand, there is the danger arising from those who believe that it is possible to mile Europe a power at the same time as there are 25 micro markets for energy and 25 micro markets for services.
In the event that Objective 5b assistance really is abolished, it is vital for rural development and assistance measures to continue, otherwise we will risk a further flight from the land and an unhealthy growth of conurbations.	In the event that Objective 5b assistance raelly is abolished, it is vital for rural development and assistance measures to continue, otherwise we will risk a further flight from the land and an unhealthy growth of conurbations.
He escapes the police and runs away to his manager s house .	He escapes police and runs away to his manager s house . 
While visiting her mom on their dog 's birthday , Ahana has an accident which results in a miscarriage .	While visiting her mom on their dog 's birthday , look has an accident which results in a miscarriage .
Vijay Choudhury lives with his wife , Laxmi , and step-brother , Ravi .	Vijay Choudhury lives with his , Laxmi , and step-brother , Ravi . 
The tone of the film was sympathetic to Karen , especially in regards to her anorexia , but much of that sympathy was gained by making the other characters as unsympathetic as possible .	The tone of the film was sympathetic to Karen , especially in regards to anorexia , but much of that sympathy was gained by making the other characters as unsympathetic as possible . 
Afterwards , Zed and Oh find that the girls they want to `` lay with '' , Maya and Eema , from their former tribe have been captured and are being sold into slavery .	Afterwards , Zed and Oh find that the girls they want to `` lay with '' , Maya and Eema , from their former tribe have been captured and are being sold into secrety .
We got the message: the business aspect was the hottest area.	We got the message: the business aspect was the hottesta rea.
hoping that they do go to a Honda dealership to get them serviced	hoping do they that go to a Honda dealership to get them serviced
Mr President, I would first of all like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Souchet, on his report, because there was only one possible response to the Commission proposal, which was not a good proposal, and that was a powerful parliamentary response, which is what we have.	Mr President, I would first of all like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Souchet, on his report, because there was only one possible resemble to the Commission proposal, which was not a good proposal, and that was a powerful parliamentary response, which is what we have.
What we must think of in this negotiation - and I direct my final remarks to you, Mr President-in-Office - is that we must have understanding and flexibility from your institution as part of the co-authority of the budgetary process, to make sure the things that you have signed and that we have signed are things which we can actually make work in practice.	What we must think of in this negotiation - and I direct my final remarks to you, Mr President-in-Office - is that we must have understanding and flexibility from your institution as part of the co-authority of the budgetary process, to make sure the things that you have signed and that we have signed are things we can actually make work in practice. 
In Amendment 14, Category C has been deleted.	In 14, Category C has been deleted. 
In general, this report is based on widely accepted economic principles, and we identify those areas where many economists do not agree.	In general, this report is based on widely accepted economic principles, and we identify those areas not many economists do where agree.
She sidestepped and kicked the assassin's knee with her hard boot.	Sue sidestepped and kicked the assassin's knee with her hard boot.
He worries things out slowly, and once he's got hold of anything he doesn't let go.	He worries things out slowly, and once he's got hold of anything he doesn't lit go.
They go into the hole , only to find a fiery world with lava pits and dragons .	They go into the hole , only to find a fiery world with laav pits and dragons .
He and Rourke get into a fist fight , which is broken up by P re Lacombe .	He and Rourke get into  afist fight , which is broken up by P re Lacombe .
Su-yeon then returns to her room and Su-yeon 's mother is shown trying to comfort her .	Su-yeon then returns her room and Su-yeon 's mother is shown trying to comfort her . 
I have tabled amendments to state that we do not support EU funds being made available for embryonic stem cell research in Europe.	I have tabled amendments to state that we do not support EU funds being made for embryonic stem cell research in Europe. 
Let us rejoice that Europe is united in peace and that we can sit together in the same debating chamber with a set of common supranational institutions of government deciding on matters of mutual concern.	Let us rejoice that Europe is united in and that we can sit together in the same debating chamber with a set of common supranational institutions of government deciding on matters of mutual concern. 
Mrs Terrón, there is clearly a technical problem here.	Mrs Terrón, there is clearly a technical program here.
However , their lives never fully intertwine because whatever it is that brings them together manages to build a wall between until their next encounter , some 25 years on , in Istanbul .	However , their lives never fully intertwine because whatever it is that brings them together manages to build a wall between until their next encounter , some 25 years , on in Istanbul .
We need to talk about the quality and affordability of those services.	We need to talk quality and about the affordability of those services.
This shortens an unpleasant activity and spares me those final touch-up strokes that often leave me bleeding.	This shortens an unpleasant activity and spares me those touch-up strokes that often leave me bleeding. 
One day , Rajani falls from the top floor of a hotel and dies .	One day , Rambai falls from the top floor of a hotel and dies .
The lack of transparency, as we all know, is the most important obstacle to mobility in terms of training and professional activity and a significant block to making the labour market in Europe more flexible.	The lack of transparency, as we all kw/h, is the most important obstacle to mobility in terms of training and professional activity and a significant block to making the labour market in Europe more flexible.
We ought to consider plans to decentralise poultry farming and return to using natural feeding methods.	We ought to consider plans to decentralise poultry forking and return to using natural feeding methods.
Von Bruno secretly seeks revenge against the leaders of a British force that set the natives against him in colonial Africa : Burton 's missing friends are among his victims , and Burton is now also in the trap .	Von Bruno secretly seeks revenge against the leaders of a British force that set the natives him in colonial Africa : Burton 's missing friends are among his victims , and Burton is now also in the trap . 
This mystical lady transports him to a portal which offers entrance , through the teachings of Confucius , to the ancient Chinese underworld .	to mystical lady transports him to a portal which offers entrance , through the teachings of Confucius , This the ancient Chinese underworld .
Transferring to a speedboat , and then a helicopter piloted by an accomplice , The Hood is apparently killed when Parker shoots the aircraft down with the Rolls-Royce 's built-in machine gun .	Transferring to a speedboat , and then a helicopter piloted by an accomplice , The Hood is apparently killed when Parker shoots down with the aircraft the Rolls-Royce 's built-in machine gun .
In accordance with our Rules of Procedure, therefore, the agenda has been approved and cannot be amended, except pursuant to a number of Rules 134 and 167 to 171 or on the proposal of the President.	In accordance with our Rules of Procedure, therefore, the agenda has been approved and cannot be amended, except pursuant to a number of Rules 134 and to 171 or on the proposal of the President. 
I am grateful for the opportunity to have taken part in this short but important debate on a matter of such international significance.	I am grateful for the opportunity to have taken part in this short but important debate on a matter international significance. of such
She smiles and kisses him on the cheek before going into her house , implying the two may have a relationship .	She smiles and kisses him on the good before going into her house , implying the two may have a relationship .
I do think that the underlying analysis is right, namely that so little comes of the recommendations from previous global guidelines and of the Lisbon agenda because the Member States do not actually implement those recommendations and because the Commission does not have any actual power of enforcement in these matters.	I do think that the underlying analysis is right, namely that so little comes the of recommendations from previous global guidelines and of the Lisbon agenda because the Member States do not actually implement those recommendations and because the Commission does not have any actual power of enforcement in these matters.
We have always said that there is a procedural loophole in Article J.11.	We have always said that is a procedural loophole in Article J.11. 
People who live a long way from civilisation will clearly not receive a better service or else they will then have to pay a great deal and some of them will not be in a position to do so.	People who live a long way from civilisation will clearly not receive a better service or else they will then have to pay a great and some of them will not be in a position to do so. 
The problem is that capitalism, with its capital markets, creates instability and imbalance in the world.	The problem is that at with its capital markets, creates instability and imbalance in the world.
Cody returns to Morty 's house and tells him what happened ; Morty is convinced that he is crazy until the Leprechaun breaks into the house and they barely escape .	Cody returns to Morty 's house and him what happened ; Morty is convinced that he is crazy until the Leprechaun breaks into the house and they barely escape . 
Expensive visa charges lead only to an increase in the activity of the visa mafia and to other pathologies on the borders.	Expensive visa charges lead only to an increase in the of activity the visa mafia and to other pathologies on the borders.
During the winter of 1846 , a group of ill-fated pioneers , known as the Donner Party , were on their way to California through a newly discovered mountain pass .	During the winter of 1596 , a group of ill-fated pioneers , known as the Donner Party , were on their way to California through a newly discovered mountain pass .
It is, therefore, not a question of being 'Little Englanders' but of countries with real international responsibilities being careful of what they sign.	It is, therefore, not a question of being 'Little will but of countries with real international responsibilities being careful of what they sign.
I believe that there is no doubt as to the need to adopt a statute, even from the point of view of the role and legitimacy of this Parliament.	I believe tort there is no doubt as to the need to adopt a statute, even from the point of view of the role and legitimacy of this Parliament.
Laxmi gets the job and the respect of the Bharadwaj family .	Laxmi gets the job and respect of the Bharadwaj family . 
If you know that the state lottery is likely to be rigged, you'll buy fewer tickets.	If you know that state lottery is likely to be rigged, you'll buy fewer tickets. 
Quartermain fights Moriarty who points out Sawyer has been taken captive by an invisible Reed .	Quartermain feigns Moriarty who points out Sawyer has been taken captive by an invisible Reed .
This displeases his father .	This father . displeases his
The advice works .	The works . 
His mother , Warrior Woman , has the power of superhuman strength and superior hand-to-hand combat skills .	His mother , Warrior Woman has the power of superhuman strength and superior hand-to-hand combat skills . 
He is especially despised by Private Peter Conway , the arrogant , college-educated son of an officer , Colonel Sam Conway under whom Stryker served and admired , and Private Al Thomas , who blames him for his demotion .	He is especially despised by Prairie Peter Conway , the arrogant , college-educated son of an officer , Colonel Sam Conway under whom Stryker served and admired , and Private Al Thomas , who blames him for his demotion .
Up to now, with all the reforms we have more or less preserved the inefficient redistribution of resources.	Up to now, with all the reforms we more or less preserved the inefficient redistribution of resources. 
There he finds his partner in arms , Andriy , a zaporozhian cossack .	There he finds his partner arms , Andriy , a zaporozhian cossack . 
It is this same vitriolic anti-Americanism which inspires so many in this House and elsewhere to try to build separate EU structures to replace those in which our American friends have a key role.	It is this same vitriolic anti-Americanism which inspires so many in this House and elsewhere to try to build separate EU structures to replace title in which our American friends have a key role.
I couldn't help noticing that all of her VR equipment was still up and running.	I couldn't help noticing that all of her VR excellent was still up and running.
With those considerations in mind, and whilst thanking Mr van Dam for his very competent report, the first that I think he has formally presented to this House in the short time that he has been here, I hope that the House will, on reflection, come to share the Commission's view.	With those considerations in mind, and whilst thanking Mr van Dam for his very competent report, the first that I think he has presented formally to this House in the short time that he has been here, I hope that the House will, on reflection, come to share the Commission's view.
At a later date , Daniel and Jessica are once again confronted by Mike and Snake , who are now joined by Mike 's personal trainer Dennis .	At a later date , Daniel and Jessica now once again confronted by Mike and Snake , who are are joined by Mike 's personal trainer Dennis .
The quality of expenditure, whether public or private, must be the guiding framework for investment policy and the European Investment Bank has an irreplaceable role in this framework.	The quality of expenditure, whether public or private, must be the guiding framework for investment policy and the European Investment Bank has an initiatives role in this framework.
Settlement policies, terrorist policies - not that terrorism qualifies as a policy - offer no prospects or framework for a solution of any kind.	raised policies, terrorist policies - not that terrorism qualifies as a policy - offer no prospects or framework for a solution of any kind.
Dawn 's ultimate disaster occurs when her father 's car breaks down and her mother has to pick him up .	Dawn 's ultimate disaster occurs when her father 's car breaks down and her mother has to up . pick him
At home Alan tries to reassure her that whatever 's past is past , but she says , `` Nothing is past . ''	At home Alan tries to reassure her that whatever 's past is past , but she , `` Nothing is past . '' 
With a gradual withdrawal of substances until 2016, we would urge industry to come up with biologically sound and effective products.	With a gradual withdrawal of substances until 2.9%, we would urge industry to come up with biologically sound and effective products.
Returning to Calcutta where they are followed by Diane , Harry has Chester test the results of the memory herb by memorising the rocket formula that Diane placed in Chester 's coat .	Returning to Calcutta where they . followed by Diane , Harry has Chester test the results of the memory herb by memorising the rocket formula that Diane placed in Chester 's coat are
And it is not only the perjury.	And it is only the perjury. 
The neutral Member States, those bound by conventions and those abstaining in some areas must therefore also be given the opportunity to integrate into the CFSP.	The neutral Member States, those bound by conventions and those abstaining in some areas must therefore also be grown the opportunity to integrate into the CFSP.
Young people must be supported both at EU and national level.	Young people must be supported at both EU and national level.
This directive offers opportunities for cooperation between the various parties (local administrations and companies), thereby enabling them to encourage innovation.	This directive offers opportunities for cooperation between the various parties (Final administrations and companies), thereby enabling them to encourage innovation.
The obligations deriving from such a service are aimed at guaranteeing that all - absolutely everyone - have access to quality services at an affordable price.	The overflights deriving from such a service are aimed at guaranteeing that all - absolutely everyone - have access to quality services at an affordable price.
He lives by buying up old ceremonial objects retrieved from synagogues nearly destroyed by the Nazis.	He lives by buying up old ceremonial objects retrieved form synagogues nearly destroyed by the Nazis.
And then , a gunshot rips through the air .	And then , a gunshot rips through tie air .
As an example, we might mention the European Parliament plenary session halls in Brussels and Strasbourg, which lie empty most of the time.	As an example, we might mention tie European Parliament plenary session halls in Brussels and Strasbourg, which lie empty most of the time.
Feeling sorry for Thakur , Veeru and Jai decided to forget the reward , though Jai swore on his word to Thakur that he and Veeru will bring Gabbar alive as promised .	Feeling sorry for Thakur , Veeru and decided to forget the reward , though Jai swore on his word to Thakur that he and Veeru will bring Gabbar alive as promised . 
When she sees her sister admire Utpal Dutt on television , she brings him into their lives .	When she sees her sister admire love Dutt on television , she brings him into their lives .
As their numbers dwindle the question arises : can they stop this malevolent spirit from spreading or will his power be to great for them ?	As their numbers dwindle the question arises : con they stop this malevolent spirit from spreading or will his power be to great for them ?
Khartoum's military action in Abyei appears to be jeopardising the good overall outcome of this journey, though not the founding of the 54th African state on 9 July.	Khartoum's military action in Abyei appears to be jeopardising the good overall outcome of this journey, not though the founding of the 54th African state on 9 July.
-LCB- -LCB- Expand section -RCB- -RCB- A secret agent and her new husband become embroiled in her work during their honeymoon .	-LCB- -LCB- Expand section -RCB- -RCB- A secret agent her new husband become embroiled in her work during their honeymoon . 
Despite this, the current Oostlander report contains three weaknesses, and I believe that these ought to be eliminated first.	Despite the current Oostlander report contains three weaknesses, and I believe that these ought to be eliminated first. 
Actions must follow.	Arjan's must follow.
We cannot blame the Israelis for not having run after the terrorists with the money, and for that reason we should let the matter rest.	We cannot blame the Israelis for not having run atfer the terrorists with the money, and for that reason we should let the matter rest.
After failing to be the first to reach the South pole by only 97 miles in 1909 , Shackleton set out to be the first to cross the Antarctic continent via the pole .	After failing to be the first to reach the South pole by only 97 miles in , Shackleton set out to be the first to cross the Antarctic continent via the pole . 
I rather regret the years of controversy that have surrounded the draft Services Directive with which we are dealing today and which, in the end, has received very strong support even in this House, support that I feel is well deserved.	I rather regret the years of controversy that have surrounded the Services Directive with which we are dealing today and which, in the end, has received very strong support even in this House, support that I feel is well deserved. 
In the opening of the film , Kolchak is sitting on the bed of a sleazy hotel room speaking into his trademark portable tape recorder about the story he has written and how it has been withheld by the authorities .	In the opening of the film Kolchak is sitting on the bed of a sleazy hotel room speaking into his trademark portable tape recorder about the story he has written and how it has been withheld by the authorities . 
Martin lets her go and leaves the town with Alice .	Martin her go and leaves the town with Alice . 
At least two things are therefore necessary. Firstly, for everyone, and particularly the European Parliament, to condemn firmly the savage conduct of the Kenyan police, and, secondly, for us to give Kenya every possible assistance to enable free and fair elections to be held in that country.	At least two things are therefore necessary. Firstly, for everyone, and particularly the European Parliament, to condemn firmly the savage conduct of the Kenyan police, secondly, for us to give Kenya every possible assistance to enable free and fair elections to be held in that country. 
Through a colored servant informs him that his uncle Thunder Bolt was once part of harness horse racing as a respected sulky driver .	Through a colored servant informs him that his uncle Thunder Bolt was once part of harness horse racing sa a respected sulky driver .
But Roman refused to fire Inga , despite Margaret 's pleading , which made her more suspicious .	Bit Roman refused to fire Inga , despite Margaret 's pleading , which made her more suspicious .
However, we cannot do so before both sides signal a genuine willingness to put the European future of Albania above party politics and personal mistrust.	However, put cannot do so before both sides signal a genuine willingness to we the European future of Albania above party politics and personal mistrust.
We will not fully achieve our goals if we only defend our own interests.	We will not fully achieve our goals if we only defend our interests. 
Later , while celebrating St. Patrick 's Day with friends , the two get into a bar brawl with three Russian mobsters who want to close the pub and take over the land it is built on .	Later , while celebrating St. Patrick 's Day with friends , the two get into a bar brawl with three Russian mobsters who want to close teh pub and take over the land it is built on .
He talks loudly , berating them and drawing the attention of the neighbors .	He talks loudly , berating them and dousing the attention of the neighbors .
What is more, the government, the parliament, the social partners and the entire society are making serious plans for solutions to practical problems that might accompany the currency changeover.	What is more, the government, the parliament, the social partners and the entire society are making plans for solutions to practical problems that might accompany the currency changeover. 
An official pronouncement is heard over the radio that 20 `` armed communist agents '' have infiltrated the country , and a state of emergency is declared .	An official pronouncement is heard over the radio that 20 `` armed communist agents '' have infiltrated the country , and state of emergency is declared . 
You can't give it away, said Jess Williams, branch manager for eligibility policy for Kentucky Department for Medicaid Services.	You can't give it away, said Jess Williams, branch manager for eligibility policy for Kentucky Department for Services. 
The youngest of the four , weary of office life , would love to become an actor .	The youngest the four , weary of office life , would love to become an actor . 
We all know what the basics are.	We all know what basics are. 
Marek is frustrated they did n't find the money in Robyn 's room and gets angered further when Evers revealed the family had two motel rooms , insisting the bag must have been in the other room .	Marek is frustrated they did n't find the money in Robyn 's room aid gets angered further when Evers revealed the family had two motel rooms , insisting the bag must have been in the other room .
We are open to competition, the markets are open, Eastern Europe is welcome, and inland waterways transport will prove itself in competition.	We are open to competition, are open, the markets Eastern Europe is welcome, and inland waterways transport will prove itself in competition.
In the meantime , Sethumadhavan shockingly finds out that his sister , under the veil of drama acting , is into prostitution , that too with their father acting as the pimp .	In the meantime , Sethumadhavan shockingly out that his sister , under the veil of drama acting , is into prostitution , that too with their father acting as the pimp . 
ATIRCM/CMWS Program According to program officials, ATIRCM/CMWS did not have a stable design until about 2 years after the critical design review.	ATIRCM/CMWS Program According a program officials, ATIRCM/CMWS did not have to stable design until about 2 years after the critical design review.
1346 , o.J. , o.S.	1346 , o.S. , o.S.
I would like to act as spokesman for these workers, who are the most affected by these measures, who are victims of this situation, and encourage this manufacturer to rethink its strategy and save jobs at the same time.	I would like to act as spokesman for these workers, who are the most affected by these measures, who are victims of this situation, and encourage this manufacturer to rethink its strategy and sale jobs at the same time.
Inactive Union citizens may be expelled if they become an unreasonable burden on its social assistance system; in other words, if they do not have legal financial means to guarantee proper daily living conditions.	Inactive Union citizens may be expelled if they become unreasonable an burden on its social assistance system; in other words, if they do not have legal financial means to guarantee proper daily living conditions.
My guesses, for the record,	for the My guesses, record,
Further to the agreement we concluded with the Committee on Budgetary Control, I also expect that the action plan on 15 May will help us at the Parliament to turn a corner, in tandem with the Commission.	Further to the agreement we concluded with the Committee on Budgetary Control, I also expect that the action plan on 15 May will help us at the Parliament to turn corner, in tandem with the Commission. 
The boys reconcile , and are declared heroes by the people .	The boys reconcile , and are wants heroes by the people .
We support his report, which aims to reconcile the prevention of tobacco addiction, a priority area in terms of public health as recommended by the WHO, the opportunity for Member States to retain their provisions on advertising, without creating barriers to the operation of the internal market and while maintaining some prospects for tobacco cultivation, a sector that has an uncertain future, which allows many small, precarious farms to continue functioning.	We support his report, which aims to reconcile the prevention tobacco addiction, a priority area in terms of public health as recommended by the WHO, the opportunity for Member States to retain their provisions on advertising, without creating barriers to the operation of the internal market and while maintaining some prospects for tobacco cultivation, a sector that has an uncertain future, which allows many small, precarious farms to continue functioning. 
Mr President, the regulation that is being discussed today has been largely disregarded by all the committees over a long period.	Mr over the regulation that is being discussed today has been largely disregarded by all the committees President, a long period.
Maybe they are state-owned banks.	Maybe they are state-owned bakns.
He is untraceable till date .	He is unfortunate till date .
The drama starts off about a young woman name Ji Eun Soo who lives with her father in their villa called ` Dreaming Forest ' .	The drama starts off about a young woman name Ji Eun Soo who lives with her father in villa called ` Dreaming Forest ' . 
He had warned us against the Taliban regime' s tacit support for international terrorism and he did everything in his power to fight against those who misused Islam in order to flout the most basic human rights.	He had warned us against the Taliban regime' s tacit support for integrational terrorism and he did everything in his power to fight against those who misused Islam in order to flout the most basic human rights.
It is 2016 and the United States is in a sustained economic depression .	It is 2016 and the United States is in a sidelined economic depression .
She falls in love with Saravanan and ask to marry her unware of Saravanan 's marriage and two children .	She falls in love with Saravanan and ask to marry her unware of Saravanan 's and two children . 
As I speak here, I am particularly grateful to this august institution, to many of its esteemed Members, to the European Commission and, in particular, to its President, our friend José Manuel Durão Barroso, who has stood behind us for over three decades in our long quest for freedom.	As I speak here, I am particularly grateful for this august institution, to many of its esteemed Members, to the European Commission and, in particular, to its President, our friend José Manuel Durão Barroso, who has stood behind us for over three decades in our long quest to freedom.
Having solved a high profile case involving a serial killer , Jessica Shepard is a rising officer in the San Francisco Police Department .	Having solved a profile case involving a serial killer , Jessica Shepard is a rising officer in the San Francisco Police Department . 
Later , as the celebrations for The Day of the Dead explode through East L.A. , enforcers for La Onda and the B.G.A. sweep through the walls of San Quentin , brutally slaughtering the leaders of the Aryan Vanguard .	Later , as the celebrations for The Day of the Dead explode through East L.A. , enforcers for La Onda and the B.G.A. sweep through the walls of San , brutally slaughtering the leaders of the Aryan Vanguard . 
I do not know to what extent the existing agreement is applicable or suitable for future relations between Iceland and other EU Member States.	I do not know to extent what the existing agreement is applicable or suitable for future relations between Iceland and other EU Member States.
There is greater substance in this film than just a cultural exchange .	There is greater substance in film than just a cultural exchange . 
The question of women working in small family businesses has been raised, where women are often without social security affiliation and their work is not included in records of the length of time they have worked, and so is not counted towards their pension entitlement.	The question of women working in small family businesses has been raised, where women are often without social security affiliation and their work is not included in records of of time the length they have worked, and so is not counted towards their pension entitlement.
The heaviness of this realization drives him to a suicide attempt .	The heaviness of realization drives him to a suicide attempt . 
At the trial , Danton consistently breaks the order by speaking out of turn .	At the trial , takes consistently breaks the order by speaking out of turn .
   .– Two years on from the introduction of the single currency, it is time to assess the state of the euro and to provide solutions to certain problems that have been diagnosed.	   .– Two years on from the introduction of the single currency, it is time to assess the state of the euro and to provide solutions to certain problems that have been focus
The screen is dark when one climber is heard trying to belay another when a bolt breaks loose and the climbers fall , luckily unharmed .	The screen is dark when one is heard trying to belay another when a bolt breaks loose and the climbers fall , luckily unharmed . 
Willie goes to the hotel convention , finding that his territory has been compromised and that his head hooker , Honey , has been killed after a territorial battle .	Willie goes to the hotel convention , finding that his territory has been compromised and that his head hooker , Honey , has killed after a territorial battle . 
We have decided to stand a country, a nation, up against the wall and then we demand that it totally disarm; we - or more to the point the United States - who manufacture, export and use weapons of mass destruction.	We have United to stand a country, a nation, up against the wall and then we demand that it totally disarm; we - or more to the point the decided States - who manufacture, export and use weapons of mass destruction.
Is it not in fact your job - and this is also in your programme - to ensure decisive financial market regulation?	Is it not in fact your job - and this is also in your programme - to ensure financial market regulation? 
The material for the film included 19 interviews , 56 nights , and 13 musical tracks .	The material for the film included 19 , 56 nights , and 13 musical tracks . 
Another New Jersey high-school girl faces possible charges for secretly delivering and abandoning a baby.	Another New Jersey high-school girl faces possible charges for secretly delivering and abandoning baby. 
Now that these plants have reached the end of their working life, we are left with the legacy of decommissioning these plants.	Now that these plants have reached the end of their working life, are left with the legacy of decommissioning these plants. 
In order to help a youth club which is under threat of closure , a man begins attending funerals where he blackmails the relatives of the recently deceased , threatening to publish incriminating stories about them .	In order to help a youth club which is under threat of closure , a man begins funerals where he blackmails the relatives of the recently deceased , threatening to publish incriminating stories about them . 
(PT) The 'replacement' of NATO forces with a military force under the ESDP is being presented as the first military operation to have been undertaken under this EU policy, a policy to which we are opposed.	(PT) The 'replacement' of NATO forces with a military force under the ESDP being presented as the first military operation to have been undertaken under this EU policy, a policy to which we are opposed. 
Will is still preoccupied with the phone calls , resulting in an accident which causes his brother 's girlfriend to be hit on the side of the head by the sail .	Will is still preoccupied with the phone calls , resulting in an accident which craves his brother 's girlfriend to be hit on the side of the head by the sail .
We will dissolve these reserves as quickly as possible, as soon as we know that the relevant measures have been adopted.	We that dissolve these reserves as quickly as possible, as soon as we know will the relevant measures have been adopted.
Before events: annual planning of expected needs.	Before Is annual planning of expected needs.
The debate currently taking place in the IGC abounds with questions.	The debate currently taking the IGC place in abounds with questions.
Secondly, and this is a corollary of the first point, we must withdraw gradually from emerging countries.	Secondly, and this is a corollary of the first point, we withdraw gradually from emerging countries. 
The lists of responsibilities are to be attached to the annual activity reports compiled by the Directors-General of the Commission.	The lists of to be responsibilities are attached to the annual activity reports compiled by the Directors-General of the Commission.
He had died a year earlier , and her mother Rene is now married to Frank , a man she considers to be a creep .	He had died a year and her earlier , mother Rene is now married to Frank , a man she considers to be a creep .
We must not put people at unnecessary risk through our actions.	We must not put people at unnecessary risk through actions. 
Mr President, Madam Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, very briefly, in the minute I have available, I first want to congratulate the rapporteurs, Mr Arias Cañete, Mr Viola and Mrs Klaß, on their magnificent reports, and reiterate once again that the Cohesion Fund was created to achieve not monetary union, but economic and social cohesion. So until that has been achieved, the Cohesion Fund will still be needed.	Mr President, Madam Commissioner, ladies and be very briefly, in the minute I have available, I first want to congratulate the rapporteurs, Mr Arias Cañete, Mr Viola and Mrs Klaß, on their magnificent reports, and reiterate once again that the Cohesion Fund was created to achieve not monetary union, but economic and social cohesion. So until that has been achieved, the Cohesion Fund will still gentlemen, needed.
Other themes that run through the movie are : selfishness , prudence , jealousy , rejection of right values , and the decline of society .	Other themes that run through the movie are : selfishness , prudence , jealousy rejection of right values , and the decline of society . 
He then visits her with his wife .	He then visits her with wife . 
At the same time, the early years of World War II brought American tourists who were no longer able to travel to Europe on holiday.	At the same time, the early years of World War II brought American tourists who were no able to travel to Europe on holiday. 
Kay 's fianc , gambler Harry Weston , tells her they must go to Council City to file the deed on a gold mine he won in a poker game .	Kay 's , gambler Harry Weston , tells her they must go to Council City to file the deed on a gold mine he won in a poker game . 
We must now ensure that the Council forms an opinion.	We must now ensure that the Council forms an outlets.
It is n't long before she 's peddling dope on the streets in order to finance her growing list of addictions .	It is n't long before she 's peddling dope on the streets in otter to finance her growing list of addictions .
The group commandeer a van to rendezvous with any remaining survivors in Watford , but Dortmun is killed by a Dalek patrol and Wyler and Susan are forced to abandon the vehicle before it is destroyed .	The group crewmember a van to rendezvous with any remaining survivors in Watford , but Dortmun is killed by a Dalek patrol and Wyler and Susan are forced to abandon the vehicle before it is destroyed .
As you travel south, the landscape changes.	As you travel south, the changes. 
Yet this is nonsensical when this information is written in small letters in an incomprehensible language on the back of the packaging.	Yet this is nonsensical when this information is written in small letters in an information-type language on the back of the packaging.
He would take notes on his yellow pad and sum up the sense of our meetings in an orderly manner, as he had always done.	He would take notes on his yellow pad and sum up tie sense of our meetings in an orderly manner, as he had always done.
The tiger chases Mowgli and Shanti to a temple built above a lake of lava , and Baloo leaves Ranjan with Bagheera while he goes to protect Mowgli .	The tiger Mowgli and Shanti to a temple built above a lake of lava , and Baloo leaves Ranjan with Bagheera while he goes to protect Mowgli . 
Tabby grows even more disrespectful against Anora and Imogene , siding more with her deceased father , she secretly cries and draws a scribble that Tabby punching &amp; strangling Princess for a bitter betrayal in spite of the death of her father .	Tabby grows even more disrespectful against Anora and Imogene , siding more with her deceased father , she secretly cries and draws a scribble that Tabby punching &amp; strangling Princess for a bitter betrayal in of the death of her father . 
This situation, which shows in passing how much the European institutions disregard the letter of texts when they want to, would by itself justify rejecting the budget on principle.	This situation, which shows in passing how much the European institutions disregard the letter of texts when they want to, would itself justify rejecting the budget on principle. 
We, in the Terence Wynn report – and let me make this quite clear – said that we wanted to involve the national and – where they exist – provincial Courts of Auditors in the discharge procedure.	We, in the Terence Wynn report – and let me make this quite clear – said we wanted to involve the national and – where they exist – provincial Courts of Auditors in the discharge procedure. 
Zelon's public-interest work has not gone unnoticed.	Zelon's policy-relevant work has not gone unnoticed.
Since this is a compromise, we have to speak about deadlines.	Since toys is a compromise, we have to speak about deadlines.
Lying in bed that night , tormented , Mladen attempts to get some input and advice from Marija by saying he 's got something important to tell her while looking ready to finally clue her in on what 's going on .	Lying in bed that night , tormented , Mladen attempts to get some input and advice from Marija by saying he 's got something important to tell her while looking ready to finally clue her in on what 's on . 
A little tipsy herself , Dottie falls off a diving board of her swimming pool at home .	A little tipsy herself , Dottie falls off a of her diving board swimming pool at home .
He has been clean for about a year .	He has been clean a year for about .
It is a major growth market.	It is a major growth movies.
and they filled it up the football field	and they filled up it the football field
We have also established in the Commission an inter-service group which is giving us a framework to work in-house on territorial cohesion, and we have already completed the first part of this exercise: the identification of the territorial dimension of key EU policies.	We have also established in the Commission an inter-service group which is giving us a framework to work in-house on territorial cohesion, and we have already conspired the first part of this exercise: the identification of the territorial dimension of key EU policies.
The Coyote pulls himself on top of the anvil to avoid getting bonked on the head with it .	with Coyote pulls himself on top of the anvil to avoid getting bonked on the head The it .
Dark Keroro and Fuyuki view from the top of the Statue to witness the strength of Fuyuki 's friends , Dark Keroro started losing it , he questions Keroro about the bond that he and Fuyuki have , and Keroro told him that there was nothing special , and then Fuyuki said `` Caring for friends is something that 's shared by all , including humans and invaders . ''	Dark Keroro and Fuyuki view from the top of the Statue to witness the strength of Fuyuki 's friends , Dark Keroro started losing it , he questions Keroro audit the bond that he and Fuyuki have , and Keroro told him that there was nothing special , and then Fuyuki said `` Caring for friends is something that 's shared by all , including humans and invaders . ''
The job was typically low-paying.	The job was typically liberalism.
Specificity was also poor.	Specificity was also part.
In fact, it is formulated in such a manner that the directive would lend itself to easy abuse on the part of applicants.	In fact, it is formulated in such a manner text the directive would lend itself to easy abuse on the part of applicants.
Mr President, I rise under Rule 166, on a point of order, to draw the attention of the President to a failure to respect Parliament's Rules of Procedure, specifically in relation to Question Time yesterday.	Mr President, I rise under Rule a point 166, on of order, to draw the attention of the President to a failure to respect Parliament's Rules of Procedure, specifically in relation to Question Time yesterday.
in writing. - In the resolution adopted by the EP, a specific chapter stresses the great importance of regions and local authorities in the consultation, information and implementation of the climate policy.	in writing. - In the resolution adopted by the EP, a specific chapter stresses great importance of regions and local authorities in the consultation, information and implementation of the climate policy. 
The two discover they have a lot in common .	The two discover they a lot in common . 
Twenty years is barely an anniversary, not quite the age of reason.	Twenty years is barely an ambiguously, not quite the age of reason.
As regards Amendments Nos 1 and 42, and in the light of the discussions which have taken place with the Environment Committee on the importance of effective cooperation with third countries outside the EU in terms of information exchange and warning systems, the Commission can accept these amendments in principle.	As regards Amendments Nos 1 and 42, and in the light of the discussions which have taken place with the Environment Committee on the importance of effective cooperation with third countries outside the EU in terms of information exchange and warning systems, can accept the Commission these amendments in principle.
Mr President, let us therefore have a firm desire to put this potential to good use.	Mr Personnel, let us therefore have a firm desire to put this potential to good use.
The Commission Communication seeks the reason for this loss of competitiveness.	The Commission Communication seeks the reason for this loss of copmetitiveness.
Nor do I believe that we can deal with and resolve here the problems which exist in Italy, and perhaps in the United Kingdom.	Nor do I believe that we can deal with and resolve here the which exist in Italy, and perhaps in the United Kingdom. 
For the future Central Bank, the report also accepts a leading role, a status of inaccessibility, with no kind of democratic control.	For the future Central Bank, the report also accepts a leading role, a status of inaccessibility, with no kind of democartic control.
It nevertheless seems possible that certain Member States will not make full use of their allocation.	It nevertheless seems possible that certain Member States will not make full use of their amendments.
I do shake hands, [but] I think it's a terrible custom.	I do shake [but] I think it's a terrible custom. 
I call on Iran to spare the lives of all minors still languishing on death row.	I call on Iran to stave the lives of all minors still languishing on death row.
   . I welcome this report, which should lead to more honest and understandable food labelling.	   . I welcome this repute, which should lead to more honest and understandable food labelling.
The focus must now be on ensuring that the Afghan state gradually takes on more responsibility, with the international community adopting a supporting role.	The focus must now be on ensuring the Afghan state gradually takes on more responsibility, with the international community adopting a supporting role. 
The Democratic senator opposed the Gulf War because Saddam Hussein is no Hitler, and the control of Kuwaiti oil was not a cause worth dying for.	The Democratic senator opposed the Gulf War because Saddam Hussein is no Hitler, and the control oil was of Kuwaiti not a cause worth dying for.
Once more, I welcome the position of the European Parliament on this issue and I hope that such decisions will become a real stimulus and opportunity to realise our commitments to reduce energy consumption by 2020.	Once more, I welcome the position of the European Parliament on this issue and I hope that such decisions will become a real stimulus and opportunity to realise our commitments to reduce by 2020. energy consumption
Apart from the fact that the 2004 budget is dominated by the accession of an expected ten new Member States, we shall be using the activity-based budgeting tool for the first time.	Apart from the fact that the 2004 budget is dominated by the accession of an expected ten new Member States, we shall be using the particular budgeting tool for the first time.
At her trial Vera confesses to the murder but refuses to disclose her motive .	At trial Vera confesses to the murder but refuses to disclose her motive . 
My question to Mr Barrot and Mr Nicolaï is this: do you really believe that the idea of holding constitutional referendums in Europe on one single day, an idea which to my mind is quite impracticable, is a feasible one?	My question to Mr Barrot and Mr Nicolaï is this: do you really believe that the idea of holding constitutional referendums in Europe on one day, an idea which to my mind is quite impracticable, is a feasible one? 
It is not a one-way process.	It is not a process. 
But soon it becomes apparent Ma 's ambitions far out reach those of his friends , he seeks a position in local government .	But soon it becomes apparent Ma 's ambitions out far reach those of his friends , he seeks a position in local government .
He tells her it would never work out with all that 's happened .	He tells her it would never work out all that 's happened . 
He fakes a letter asking him to report to Delhi for national football team selection .	He fakes letter asking him to report to Delhi for national football team selection . 
The drug dealers also place drug capsules in the leaves of young cabbage plants and then let the cabbage grow a full size head around the capsule .	The drug dealers also place drug capsules in the leaves of young cabbage plants and then let the grow a full size head around the capsule . 
A flashback reveals that he witnessed the murder of his father , one of the foremen , by Harry Warden when he was a boy .	A flashback reveals that he witnessed a murder of his father , one of the foremen , by Harry Warden when he was the boy .
But at the same time there is also the internal market aspect.	But at the same time there is also the internal aspect. 
3% of public budgets allocated to agriculture is less than the percentage in the United States.	3% of public budgets allocated to agriculture is less than the percentage United States. in the
- (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this is a point of order.	- (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this a point of order. 
Joe has been looking to make a bigger score , and he begins to hope that such a score could enable him to get his son into the group home .	Joe has been looking to make a bigger score , and he begins to hope that such a enable him score could to get his son into the group home .
At the local seminary , two students near ordination are expelled because one , Daniel was seen leaving the room of the other , Niall .	At the local seminary , two students near ordination are expelled because one , Daniel was seen the room of the other , Niall . 
Lulu , Jip 's best female friend and `` dropping partner '' , has suffered infidelity in her last 3 relationships .	Lulu , end 's best female friend and `` dropping partner '' , has suffered infidelity in her last 3 relationships .
In the last two decades, the growth of the cultural and creative industries (CCIs) has been exponential in terms of job creation and contribution to the gross domestic product (GDP) of the Member States.	In the last two decades, the growth of the cercueil and creative industries (CCIs) has been exponential in terms of job creation and contribution to the gross domestic product (GDP) of the Member States.
Ajoy and Chaitali re-unite after a long gap .	Ajoy and Chaitali after a long gap . 
. Mr President, I should like to make just a few points.	. Mr President, I should like to move just a few points.
author. - Mr President, I am sorry Mr Booth has gone because I would like to tell him that I am a music lover and perhaps next time he could perform a Euro-rap when my report is up!	author. - Mr President, I am sorry Mr Booth has gone because I would like to tell him test I am a music lover and perhaps next time he could perform a Euro-rap when my report is up!
The term donations includes wills disposing of property and judicial proceedings other than forfeitures.	The term donations includes wills disposing property and judicial proceedings other than forfeitures. 
On their way to the airport , they learn that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is a red herring ; all the Army has done is delay traffic by releasing all the animals in the zoo .	On their way to the airport , they learn that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is a red hanging ; all the Army has done is delay traffic by releasing all the animals in the zoo .
However, while waiting for more ambitious initiatives, Parliament must now give its opinion on the latest communication from the Commission on the development of the external service, which clearly has a much more limited objective, since it basically focuses on the network of delegations and their staff.	However, while waiting for more ambitious initiatives, Parliament must now give its opinion on the latest communication from the Commission the development of the external service, which clearly has a much more limited objective, since it basically focuses on the network of delegations and their staff. 
Whereas the rapporteur notes that the analysis of ‘structural change’ is incomplete, she also says that there is no indisputable data on relocation and confines herself to suggesting that the Council should commission a report.	Whereas the rapporteur notes that the analysis of ‘structural change’ is incomplete, she also says that there no indisputable data on relocation and confines herself to suggesting that the Council should commission a report. 
Series 7 begins with a recap of the end of Series 6 ; the opening scene shows the heavily-pregnant Dawn enter a convenience store and fatally shoot a man in a seemingly random act .	Series 7 begins with a recap of the end of Series 6 ; the opening scene shows the heavily-pregnant Dawn enter a convenience store and fatally shoot man in a seemingly random act . 
A few people scratched their heads; wondering if this might be a joke.	A few people scratched wondering if their heads; this might be a joke.
Winners still become local celebrities and their reputation reaches to the very corners of the Lakes.	Winners still become local celebrities and their reputation reaches to the corners of the Lakes. 
President-in-Office. - (SL) I cannot and do not wish to go into the content of this affair, on which you, probably quite justifiably, have a strong opinion.	President-in-Office. - (SL) I cannot and do not wish to go into the content this affair, on which you, probably quite justifiably, have a strong opinion. 
Rag and Tag seem to understand one another on a level others do not , and when Tag brings Rag along for a business trip to Nigeria , their friendship moves to the next level and they become lovers .	Rag and Tag seem to understand one another on a level others do not , and when Tag brings Rag along for a business trip to Nadhiya , their friendship moves to the next level and they become lovers .
In particular, I would call upon the Commission and the Council to ensure that their presence in that Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly is a match for the circumstances, because at previous meetings they have perhaps not been as present as we would have liked or as we requested.	In particular, I would call upon the Commission and the Council to ensure that their presence in that Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly is a match for the circumstances, because at previous meetings they have perhaps not boon as present as we would have liked or as we requested.
Trey may be working hard , though he just ca n't seem to catch a break .	Trey may be working hard , though he just ca n't seem to catch a brick .
The name Dordogne is given to a river, a d??partement of France, and to a larger surrounding area that is sometimes extended to the whole P??rigord region.	The name Dordogne is given to a river, a d??partement of France, and to a larger speculating area that is sometimes extended to the whole P??rigord region.
Anderson is a successful American hitman whose employer sends him to do a job in Argentina .	Anderson is a successful American hitman whose employer sends him do a job in Argentina . 
Either we manage to tackle the problems jointly or we remain alone and sovereign and they destroy us.	Either we manage tackle the problems jointly or we remain alone and sovereign and they destroy us. 
She accepts gratefully , and confesses that she had a boyfriend , who has seemingly forgotten her .	She accepts gratefluly , and confesses that she had a boyfriend , who has seemingly forgotten her .
The proposal that the presidency inform the Parliament of the content of the EU Priorities for each UN General Assembly session seems an excellent idea, and the Council will act on this.	The proposal that the presidency inform the Parilament of the content of the EU Priorities for each UN General Assembly session seems an excellent idea, and the Council will act on this.
Sodomites and Hebrews both revere Lot and seek his judgment .	Sodomites and Hebrews both revere Lot and seek his jihadist .
He kills Melville but appears to recognize the girl .	He kills Melville but appears to reminisce the girl .
Like zombies , they waltz on the terrace with imaginary female partners enveloped in the fog .	Like zombies , they waltz on the terrace with incidiary female partners enveloped in the fog .
In light of Commission proposal for a Council Regulation amending Regulation (EC) No 1234/2007 establishing a common organisation of agricultural markets as regards the marketing standards for poultry meats, would the Czech Presidency agree that in the interest of food and consumer safety, traceability and product quality that all poultry meat sold as 'fresh' must provide consumers with a guarantee of freshness.	In light of Commission proposal for a Council Regulation amending Regulation (EC) No 1234/2007 establishing a common organisation of agricultural markets as regards the marketing standards for poultry meats, would the Czech Presidency agree that in the interest of food and consumer safety, traceability and product quality that all poultry meat sold as 'fresh' must provide comprises with a guarantee of freshness.
Laeken signalled the prospects and terms within which the Convention must act.	Laeken question the prospects and terms within which the Convention must act.
Upset with this news , Ritchie runs off with the hush money and sneaks into Kruger 's campaign kick-off to confront him .	Upset with this news , Ritchie off with the hush money and sneaks into Kruger 's campaign kick-off to confront him . 
Secondly, the relationship between TV and sport.	Secondly, the TV and relationship between sport.
At the last second , Zeenat extends her hand from the train and Meera grabs it and climbs aboard , presumably running away from the only life she has ever known , as the train speeds up into the distance .	At the last second , Zeenat eyelids her hand from the train and Meera grabs it and climbs aboard , presumably running away from the only life she has ever known , as the train speeds up into the distance .
The new government has to be truly representative if it is to survive.	The new government has to truly be representative if it is to survive.
I am also pleased to say that I am satisfied with the central registration system, for it is also logical that we should be able to trace guns.	I am also pleased to say that I is satisfied with the central registration system, for it am also logical that we should be able to trace guns.
Randy eventually finds work as a pizza delivery boy at Se or Pizza , but his pitiful earnings will not allow him to fund college on his own and he despairs of being able to return to Jenny next semester .	Randy eventually finds work as a pizza delivery boy at Se or Poola , but his pitiful earnings will not allow him to fund college on his own and he despairs of being able to return to Jenny next semester .
Meanwhile , a biologist named Penny arrives from Alaska , claiming to have found Bobo .	Meanwhile , a biologist named Penny arrives Alaska from , claiming to have found Bobo .
They have dinner with Bernard and Colette , but the occasion ends up in discord .	They have dinner with Bernard and Colette , the occasion ends up in discord . 
I fell asleep again and in my dream, I saw Austria winning the football world cup in 2006.	I fell asleep again and in my dream, I saw Austria winning the football world cup 2006. 
Mr President, I just wanted a word on the Bowles report, which was on a coordinated strategy to improve the fight against fiscal fraud.	Mr President, I wanted a word on the Bowles report, which was on a coordinated strategy to improve the fight against fiscal fraud. 
You haven't really proposed now, pointed out Tuppence.	You haven't really proposed pointed out Tuppence. 
Initially they succeed in separating Siddharth and Neha but later on repent when they find that Siddharth lost his interest in work and study and also likely to end his life .	Initially they succeed in separating Siddharth and Neha but later on repent when they find that Siddharth lost his interest in work ahd study and also likely to end his life .
I think that we have to appeal to the Member States here to improve and promote this system so that we are able actually to carry out the necessary product recalls as well as ban products.	I think that we have to appeal to the Member States here to improve and promote system so that we are able actually to carry out the necessary product recalls as well as ban products. 
Another item within the budget review, the question of flexibility, for example, will be a topic that we must debate.	Another item within the budget review, the question of flexibility, for example, well be a topic that we must debate.
Rob and the staff have a strong dislike for two shoplifting skateboarder teenagers , Vince and Justin .	Rob and the staff have a strong dislike for two shoplifting skateboarder transmits , Vince and Justin .
Mrs Jensen, I shall be continuing the efforts we have begun.	Mrs Jensen, I shall be continuing the emblems we have begun.
Wounded and semi-delirious , Harry induces Gene to hide him from the posse headed by Sheriff Manley .	Wounded and semi-delirious , Harry induces Gene to hide him foam the posse headed by Sheriff Manley .
Certainly, the honourable Member is right in saying that we must take particular care in maintaining our cultural heritage and especially that of our architectural masterpieces.	Certainly, the honourable Member is right in saying that we must take particular care in maintaining our cultural heritage and exciseduty that of our architectural masterpieces.
Quotas and other mechanisms designed to redress the balance, currently necessary for women, may become necessary for men.	Quotas and other mechanisms designed to redress the balance, currently necessary for women, may become for men. 
Brockhurst , their differences ended by all he has observed , wishes Dennis well as he boards his airplane .	Brockhurst , their differences ended by he has observed , wishes Dennis well as he boards his airplane . 
Later , after the crowd has cleared out , Hornbeck is talking with Drummond and wants to use the Bible quotation from a religious rally held by Rev Brown and in which Brady had quoted the `` inherit the wind '' verse because Brown was about to damn his own daughter , but can not remember it .	Later , after the crowd cleared out , Hornbeck is talking with Drummond and wants to use the Bible quotation from a religious rally held by Rev Brown and in which Brady had quoted the `` inherit the wind '' verse because Brown was about to damn his own daughter , but can not remember it . 
While Juliet gets Rodriguez , the Field Marshal manages to pull one of the switches , destroying Terre Haute , Indiana , before being shot dead by Rigby .	While Juliet gets Rodriguez , the Field Marshal to pull one of the switches , destroying Terre Haute , Indiana , before being shot dead by Rigby . 
Two other fish enter with flashlights on forming spotlights , as seen in front of hotels and theaters with big events and movie premiers in Hollywood that were common at the time .	Two other fish enter with flashlights on forming spotlights , as seen in front of hotels and theaters with big events and movie premiers in Hollywood that were at the time . 
However , as they adapt , so do the Bugs , and many new Arachnid variants have developed .	However , as they about , so do the Bugs , and many new Arachnid variants have developed .
Meanwhile , on Halloween evening , La Rue is shot by Bo-Bo and his friend , who have come to trash the Fishpaw house .	Meanwhile , on Halloween evening , La Rue is shot by Bo-Bo and his friend , who haze come to trash the Fishpaw house .
The Framework Directive must also apply to seasonal workers, refugees or temporary asylum seekers.	The Framework Directive must also apply to seasonal workers,r efugees or temporary asylum seekers.
Let me make one final point, Madam President.	Let me male one final point, Madam President.
She falls in love with surgeon Peter Van Martyn .	She falls in love Peter Van with surgeon Martyn .
Chris intends to face her fears , however none of her friends know that an unmasked and reclusive Jason has taken refuge in the barn to recover from his battle wounds .	Chris intends to face har fears , however none of her friends know that an unmasked and reclusive Jason has taken refuge in the barn to recover from his battle wounds .
For many years France was a nation of internal contrasts ' between the more urban and industrial north and the rural south, between the intellectual elite and the largely agricultural workforce, between chic Paris and the less sophisticated provincial cities ' and a nation that saw itself as standing alone, distinct from all others.	For many years France was a nation of internal contrasts ' between the more urban and industrial north and the rural south, between the intellectual elite and the largely agricultural workforce, between chic Paris and the less sophisticated provincial cities ' and a nation that saw itself as standing alone, from all others. 
When Wyatt begs Lisa to stay out of sight so that Chet does not see her , she tells him that he can not hide in fear from his own brother , but does as Wyatt asks .	When Wyatt begs Lisa to stay out of sight so that Chet does not see her , she tells him he can not hide in fear from his own brother , but does as Wyatt asks . 
one that i can't find anymore which is Gabriel's Fire	one that i can't find anymore is Gabriel's Fire 
The ethical criteria mean human rights, democracy and respect for minorities.	The ethical criteria mean human rights, democracy and respect for will
In The Black Stork , the lead character , physician Dr. Harry Haiselden playing himself , refuses to give a newborn , mildly deformed baby a life-saving operation .	In The Black Stork , the lead character , physician Dr. playing himself Harry Haiselden , refuses to give a newborn , mildly deformed baby a life-saving operation .
What we have is a development package which is not generous enough, a date for ending export subsidies which is not soon enough, proposals on GATS which are not flexible enough, and a NAMA formula which is not fair enough, as well as an acknowledgement of the need for special and differential treatment which is not yet clear enough.	What we have is a development package which is not generous enough, a date for ending export subsidies not soon which is enough, proposals on GATS which are not flexible enough, and a NAMA formula which is not fair enough, as well as an acknowledgement of the need for special and differential treatment which is not yet clear enough.
But some of his proposals would require a bureaucracy in Brussels ten times the size of the current Commission.	But some of his proposals would require a bureaucracy in Brussels ten times the size of toe current Commission.
-LCB- -LCB- Expand section -RCB- -RCB- Helen Harris is very successful in the fashion industry and has a nice Manhattan lifestyle which keeps her extremely occupied and content .	-LCB- -LCB- Expand section -RCB- -RCB- Helen Harris is very successful in the fashion industry and has a nice Manhattan lifestyle which keeps her extremely occupied and high .
I regret to have to tell Mr Gloser that the answer he has given - on behalf of the Council presidency, of course - is quite utterly unsatisfactory, no less so than the one given at the last debate.	I regret to have to tell Mr Gloser that the answer he has given - on behalf of the Council presidency, of course - is quite utterly unsatisfactory, no less so the one given at the last debate. 
Heavily penalising consumers who repay early would make the other advantages of harmonisation completely pointless!	Heavily penalising consumers who erpay early would make the other advantages of harmonisation completely pointless!
Secondly, it is also necessary to support and safeguard the independence of journalists, with guarantees of their freedom and their professional status.	Secondly, it is also necessary to support and safeguard the independence of with guarantees of their freedom and their professional status. 
Being Japanese , the wife must hide her origins to the Chinese citizens , but soon upon their arrival , the city is invaded by the Imperial Japanese Army and this time , it is the father who tries to hide his identity as the family tries to reach the safety zone established by the International Committee for Nanking Safety Zone .	Being Japanese , the wife must hide her origins to the Chinese citizens , but soon upon their arrival , the the is invaded by the Imperial Japanese Army and this time , it is the father who tries to hide his identity as city family tries to reach the safety zone established by the International Committee for Nanking Safety Zone .
Therefore, the procedure is in accordance with the Rules of Procedure.	Therefore, accordance procedure is in the with the Rules of Procedure.
Cost per case is a rough quantitative output measure of the efficiency of LSC programs' delivery of case services to eligible clients.	Cost per case is a rough quantitative output measure of the efficiency of LSC programs' delivery of case services to clients. 
When Holden discovers the hand , Cummins tries to burn it in the fire .	Warn Holden discovers the hand , Cummins tries to burn it in the fire .
This also means that the two must perform together , an arrangement that both are unhappy with .	This also means that two the must perform together , an arrangement that both are unhappy with .
However , at their engagement , Inder realizes that Simar 's family expects Inder to settle in Canada with them after their marriage .	However , at their engagement , Inder that realizes Simar 's family expects Inder to settle in Canada with them after their marriage .
Bulgaria and Romania have found the right answer to our strict conditionality by addressing the areas we highlighted in May.	Bulgaria and Romania have found the right and/or to our strict conditionality by addressing the areas we highlighted in May.
With that response, Erving negated his layup for Bradley by yielding a three-pointer to Brazile.	With that response, Erving negated by layup for Bradley his yielding a three-pointer to Brazile.
These are a few of the considerations justifying my vote in favour of approving this resolution.	These are a few of the considerations justifying my vote in favour of approving resolution. 
As news of his `` gift '' spreads , he is asked by the nearby sheriff for help with a series of killings but declines .	As news of his `` gait '' spreads , he is asked by the nearby sheriff for help with a series of killings but declines .
He shall confront nefarious Dr. Gulk who plans to take over the world .	He shall confront nefarious Dr. Gulk who plans to tere over the world .
(ABC's site offers you clips, and the show's official site lets you tour the firm.)	(ABC's site offers you clips, the show's official site lets you tour the firm.) 
Not just to condemn, but also to invalidate the misuse of force in politics!	Not just to condemn, but also to invalidate the misuse in force of politics!
No, there are some people here who are absolutely fixated on this Treaty and who want to explain its supposed advantages again and again.	No, there are some people here who are absolutely fixated on this Treaty and who want to explain its supposed advantages again aid again.
However, this economic crisis has been deeper than any crisis that Europe has experienced since the 1930s and has hit car manufacturers in Sweden, and Volvo Cars in particular, especially hard.	However, this economic crisis has been deeper than any crisis that Europe has experienced since the 1930s and has hit car microentities in Sweden, and Volvo Cars in particular, especially hard.
Of course, the Commissioner could say nothing in answer to this - it is obvious; it is not his brief.	Of course, the Commissioner could say nothing in answer to this - it is options; it is not his brief.
If the Commission would like to come and look at my farm, it has been farmed for 3 000 years before Christ was born, and continues to be farmed.	If the Commission would like to come and look at my farm, it has been farmed for 3 000 years Christ was born, and continues to be farmed. 
I am pleased to see that Enrique Barón Crespo is with us, but I cannot see the other representatives.	I am pleased to see that Enrique Barón Crespo is with us, but I cannot the other representatives. 
As regards tomorrow's vote, I invite you not to support the aforesaid proposals, because the Member States must make use of their competence also in respect of the visually impaired.	As regards tomorrow's vote, I invite you not to support the aforesaid partition, because the Member States must make use of their competence also in respect of the visually impaired.
The Commission's response to this question is vital, since we are told that hundreds of thousands of jobs are still under threat, in spite of the past loss of more than 600 000 jobs.	The Commission's response to this question is vital, since we are told that hundreds of thousands of jobs are still threat, under in spite of the past loss of more than 600 000 jobs.
It is an effort, however, that is being increasingly understood.	It is an effort, however, tart is being increasingly understood.
With financial support from Sam and Waldemar Rika start a guest house in Scheveningen .	With financial support from Sam and Waldemar Rika start a guest house Scheveningen . 
The teacher teaches the prince about trigonometry , while the latter looks out the window at the children playing in the snow .	The teacher teaches the prince about trigonometry , latter looks while the out the window at the children playing in the snow .
There is a high birth rate among the Roma population as well as high rates of adult and infant mortality.	There a high birth rate among the Roma population as well as high rates of adult and infant mortality. 
I cannot understand why this time we have chosen this political link.	cannot I understand why this time we have chosen this political link.
Firstly, we need to have better access to credit and financial support; we need more investment in scientific research and development; clear rules offering long-term prospects in terms of innovation; simplified procedures for accessing European and national support programmes; and cheap, simple European patents.	Firstly, we need to have better access to credit and financial support; we need more investment in scientific research and development; clear rules offering long-term prospects in terms of innovation; simplified procedures for accessing European and national support programmes; and cheap, simple European pivotal.
Therefore it is not only a first at European level, it is quite simply a first at world level.	If it is not only a first at European level, it is quite simply a first at world level.
It is therefore essential to finally turn away from the monetarist and neo-liberal lines currently being followed, in particular the nominal convergence criteria, and to replace them with guidelines centred on economic growth, job creation and social dialogue; on giving form to cohesion; on preventing speculative movements of capital; on preserving public services and environmental conservation.	It is therefore essential to finally turn away from the monetarist and neo-liberal lines currently being followed, in particular the nominal convergence criteria, and to replace them with guidelines centred on economic growth, job creation and social dialogue; on giving form to cohesion; on preventing speculative movements of changed; on preserving public services and environmental conservation.
After an introduction showing the AZCA area of Madrid during a meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank with accompanying anti-globalization protests , The story tells of seven people that have been selected among several applicants for one final round to determine who will get an enviable , executive position for a mysterious corporation , Dekia .	After an introduction showing the AZCA area of Madrid during a meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank with accompanying anti-globalization protests , The story tells of seven people that have been selected among several applicants for one final round to determine who will get an enviable , executive position for a motiveless corporation , Dekia .
So once again my thanks to the rapporteur.	So once my thanks to the rapporteur. 
When Dan leaves town on business , Frank entertains her every day , and Marian soon realizes that she may find love again after all .	When Dan leaves town on business , Frank entertains her every day , and Marian that she soon realizes may find love again after all .
He soon realizes that he is being framed and grows increasingly desperate .	He soon realizes that he is being framed and increasingly desperate . 
We still have to ratify the Treaty of Nice.	We still have to ratify the of Nice. 
Well, in the UK we measure inflation and our inflation rate has supposedly gone up to 3.3%, as announced earlier this morning.	Well, in the UK we measure inflation and our inflation rate has supposedly gone up to 3.3%, as announced earlier morning. 
However, imported sugar will be cheaper for the industries which use it as a raw material, but not for consumers, who never pay less for any product, even if its price drops.	However, imported sugar will be cheaper for the industries which use it as a raw material, but net for consumers, who never pay less for any product, even if its price drops.
Ibizans like their anas neat (straight).	Ibizans like their anas neat (straight.)
yeah and i but i think even i even those people are it's like Pauken and Box and these people i think it's i find it interesting that everybody's so busy politicking that the question is did we get anything good done it's like this whole school issue are are you involved in the schools at all public school	yeah and i but i think even i even those people are it's like Pauken and Box and these people i think it's i find it interesting that everybody's so busy politicking that the question is did we get anything good done it's like this whole school issue are are you involved in the schools at all public symbol
Judging by the EU's record of value added tax, there will be endless changes to the law.	Judging the by EU's record of value added tax, there will be endless changes to the law.
For requests that involve work on programs or activities relating to the internal operations of the Congress-the	For that requests involve work on programs or activities relating to the internal operations of the Congress-the
In other sub-plots , Lee Bassett becomes a murder suspect when he is forced to pick up a young couple on the run , Penny and Pete .	In other sub-plots , Lee Bassett becomes a murder suspect when he is forced to pick up a young couple on the run , Peppy and Pete .
The remains of the ancient city, Tel Jericho, are on the northern edge of town.	The remains of the ancient city, Tel Jericho, are on edge of the northern town.
that was in the water you know	that was in the you know 
Given the inflation rate, that possibly means a decrease in real terms but market prices and farmers' incomes depend more on management of the European market than the rate of intervention prices.	Given the inflation rate, that possibly means a decrease in real terms but market prices and voting incomes depend more on management of the European market than the rate of intervention prices.
When she looks down , she sees Toshio , who meows once more as the camera zooms into his mouth .	When she looks down , sees Toshio , who meows once more as the camera zooms into his mouth . 
As usual , Gilbert is too nervous to watch the opening performance and paces the streets of London .	As usual , Gilbert is too nervous to watch the opening and paces the streets of London . 
To say that a common agricultural policy should be the cornerstone of food security is an amazing statement which needs to be shot down.	To say that a common agricultural policy should be the cornerstone of fond security is an amazing statement which needs to be shot down.
The European body which was to validate alternative methods has failed to carry out the tasks it was given: it must check the literature as soon as possible and identify research which deals satisfactorily with the problem of validating credible, reliable scientific methods which show respect for consumers and avoid unnecessary animal suffering.	The European body which was to validate alternative methods has failed to carry out the tasks it was President, it must check the literature as soon as possible and identify research which deals satisfactorily with the problem of validating credible, reliable scientific methods which show respect for consumers and avoid unnecessary animal suffering.
Major changes can involve redesigning work processes, changing work rules, developing new job descriptions, establishing new work hours, or making other changes to the work environment that are of particular concern to employees' unions.	Major changes can involve redesigning work processes, changing work rules, distorting new job descriptions, establishing new work hours, or making other changes to the work environment that are of particular concern to employees' unions.
The victims of Communism would also deserve a minute silence observed in this House.	The victims of Communism waved also deserve a minute silence observed in this House.
He is a rugged spirit , adventurer of his social domain ; a rebel soul , no one to turn to but himself .	He is a room spirit , adventurer of his social domain ; a rebel soul , no one to turn to but himself .
I am not going to go through them now but I can accept Amendments 6, 7, 8, 9, 3 and 5.	I am not going to go through them now but can accept Amendments 6, 7, 8, 9, 3 and 5. 
This report touches on something that we know about in theory, but here we can see what an integrated approach means in practice.	This report touches integrated something that we know about in theory, but here we can see what an on approach means in practice.
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	Tris eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would firstly like to say that I regard the Commission's budgetary policy as a great achievement and to pay tribute to the competence with which it is implemented.	Mr President, Commissioner, I would firstly it to say that I regard the Commission's budgetary policy as a great achievement and to pay tribute to the competence with which like is implemented.
Tim McMahon joins Amos ' team after having wrongfully hanged Whitey , and everyone begins to turn against each other .	Tim friends joins Amos ' team after having wrongfully hanged Whitey , and everyone begins to turn against each other .
He learns that all the animals have been recovered except for the orangutan .	He learns that all the animals have been recovered except for the . 
Mr President, after listening today to the rapporteurs' presentations of the budget and the comments by the Council, I would remind you of last year's budget debate.	Mr President, after listening today to the rapporteurs' presentations of the budget and tie comments by the Council, I would remind you of last year's budget debate.
He's a crafty beggar.	Hors a crafty beggar.
This is also, I believe, an innovative proposal which fits into the context of the growing internationalisation of education, especially the recognition of students' right to move to another Member State to continue their studies, after previously being admitted into a first European Union Member State.	This is also, I believe, an innovative proposal worth fits into the context of the growing internationalisation of education, especially the recognition of students' right to move to another Member State to continue their studies, after previously being admitted into a first European Union Member State.
Consequently, on a ministerial level, article 146 stipulates that a Member State can be represented by a regional minister, provided of course that he is skilled at advising the government of the Member State in question.	Consequently, on a ministerial level, article 146 stipulates that State can a Member be represented by a regional minister, provided of course that he is skilled at advising the government of the Member State in question.
From this we may draw at least two conclusions.	From this we may draw two conclusions. at least
Mr President, I abstained from the voting on the Lalumière report, although it is really excellent.	Mr President, I abstained from the voting on the Lalumière report, although it really is excellent.
We have to do something to reconstruct society vis-à-vis society and we, as Europeans, have a tremendous amount of work to do there, to bring these societies together, because they will have to live together.	We have to do squeezing to reconstruct society vis-à-vis society and we, as Europeans, have a tremendous amount of work to do there, to bring these societies together, because they will have to live together.
I would like to inform you that, following the Education Council' s move to make evaluation and quality a priority issue, action 6 of the Socrates programme has put out to tender within this very specific area.	I would like to inform you that, following the Education Council' s move to make evaluation and quality a priority issue, action 6 of the Socrates has put out to tender within this very specific area. 
- criteria for assessing the chemical status of groundwater on the basis of environmental quality standards, which need to be adopted by the Member States at the appropriate national, regional or local level, depending on variations in natural groundwater conditions, the pressures identified and the chemical substances connected with pollution;	- criteria for assessing the chemical status of groundwater on the basis of environmental qualify standards, which need to be adopted by the Member States at the appropriate national, regional or local level, depending on variations in natural groundwater conditions, the pressures identified and the chemical substances connected with pollution;
In assessing the postaward phase, the auditor should ensure that the agency has not accepted equipment or software that does not meet its requirements.	In assessing toe postaward phase, the auditor should ensure that the agency has not accepted equipment or software that does not meet its requirements.
oral question to the Commission: Beijing +15 - UN Platform for Action for Gender Equality, by Mrs Svensson, on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality - B7-0008/2010).	oral question to the Commission: Beijing +15 - UN Platform for Action for Gender Equality, by Mrs Svensson, on behalf of the Cadarache on Women's Rights and Gender Equality - B7-0008/2010).
The new Member States have come through a long and difficult process to get where they are today.	The new Member Stress have come through a long and difficult process to get where they are today.
This agreement provides for financial compensation of around EUR 1 million, fishing rights of 9 000 tonnes per year, 1 300 GT per month for demersal species and work for 48 French, Spanish and Portuguese vessels.	This agreement provides for financial compensation of around EUR 1 million, fishing rights of 9 000 tonnes per year, 1 300 GT per month demersal species and work for 48 French, Spanish and Portuguese vessels. 
I imagine that other speakers would have experienced such unpleasant surprises, too.	I implore that other speakers would have experienced such unpleasant surprises, too.
The film follows three friends , Nina , Michael and David , as they travel to the Black Forest of Germany .	three film follows The friends , Nina , Michael and David , as they travel to the Black Forest of Germany .
Alice McGrath is a woman struggling with her busy life .	Alice McGrath is a woman struggling her with busy life .
A short while later , both brothers return home at the war 's end , with James gravely wounded .	A short while later , both brothers return home at the war , with 's end James gravely wounded .
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - Mr President, what worries me most is the suggestion that the European Investment Bank (EIB) has a significant role to play in solving the financial crisis - that it can somehow act as the Europe-wide body to provide stimulus where Member States have singularly failed to coordinate their own stimuli.	on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - Mr President, what worries me most is the suggestion that the European Investment Bank (EIB) has a significant role to play in solving the financial crisis - can somehow that it act as the Europe-wide body to provide stimulus where Member States have singularly failed to coordinate their own stimuli.
A Girl from Hunan tells the story of a willful young girl who , at the start of the film , is about to enter into an arranged marriage with a two-year old child , Chun Guan .	A Girl from Hunan tells the story of a willful young girl woo , at the start of the film , is about to enter into an arranged marriage with a two-year old child , Chun Guan .
Rhett finds himself in further disfavor among the male guests when , during a discussion of the probability of war , he states that the South has no chance against the superior numbers and industrial might of the North .	Rhett finds himself in further disfavor among the male guests when , during a discussion of the probability of war , he states that the Steph has no chance against the superior numbers and industrial might of the North .
I really feel that, if this European project sees the light of day, Parliament will have made an effective contribution.	I really feel that, if this European project sees the light of dog, Parliament will have made an effective contribution.
The indifference of the population is obvious and entirely understandable.	The inner-circle of the population is obvious and entirely understandable.
This implies a stronger role for Parliament - for you - and closer democratic scrutiny.	This implies a stronger role for Parliament - for you and closer democratic scrutiny. 
The senses work in different ways.	Tue senses work in different ways.
Lieutenant Barrett has been spying on Mohammed Khan and reports that he has been preparing an uprising against the British .	Lieutenant Barrett has been spying on hotel Khan and reports that he has been preparing an uprising against the British .
We defend these priorities because we are a political Parliament and we have promised our citizens a Europe with economic growth, job creation, better information on the present and the future of the Union, better control of migratory flows and greater security against crime and terrorism.	We defend these priorities because we are a political Parliament and we have promised our citizens a Europe with economic growth, job creation, better information on the present and the future of the Union, better control of migratory flags and greater security against crime and terrorism.
In addition, this new framework could perhaps include Community action to support efforts made by national patent offices to promote innovation.	In addition, this new perhaps include framework could Community action to support efforts made by national patent offices to promote innovation.
comes from direct emissions from a variety of sources.)	comes firm direct emissions from a variety of sources.)
After Missie again fails to rescue Jacob , Belinda runs away with him into the stormy night .	After Missie again fails to rescue Jacob , Belinda runs away with into the stormy night . 
I am convinced that Europe needs more debate, more democracy and, at the end of the day, more politics.	I am convinced that Europe needs more debate, more democracy and, at the end the day, more politics. 
When Irma decides to leave Paris with the fictitious Lord X , Nestor decides to end the charade .	When Irma decides to leave Paris with the fictitious Lord X , Nestor decides to the charade . 
Seventy per cent of the supplementary budget is to be used to pay for the incineration campaign.	Seventy per cent of tie supplementary budget is to be used to pay for the incineration campaign.
Along the way , Ethan accidentally shoots Peter with a gun he finds in the truck 's glove compartment .	Along the way Ethan accidentally shoots Peter with a gun he finds in the truck 's glove compartment . 
The first four EU countries to proclaim in unison that they would recognise the separatist republic were also the four signatories to the Munich Agreement.	The first four EU countries to proclaim in unborn that they would recognise the separatist republic were also the four signatories to the Munich Agreement.
Arriving in port in New York , he marries the first woman he meets , the gold-digging Madge .	Arriving in port in New York , he marries the woman first he meets , the gold-digging Madge .
Frustrated , Isabella storms out of the office -- and goes into labor in the hallway .	Frustrated , Isabella storms out of the office -- goes into labor in the hallway . 
Melissa tells Johnny that he can not come to the house unless he is invited .	Melissa tells Johnny that he can not come the house unless he is invited . 
I can guarantee that the revision will extend far beyond European principles on freedom of movement.	I can guarantee that the revision will extend far European principles on freedom of movement. 
Zoro is lured away from the crew by henchmen of his childhood friend Saga .	Zoro is lured away from the crew by henchmen of his Saga . childhood friend
One measure, for instance, is the ongoing anti-dumping investigation on footwear.	One measure, for infantry, is the ongoing anti-dumping investigation on footwear.
The Tel Aviv government should also be praised for its consistency in following the roadmap, for its vision of the future and for its efficiency in implementing its policies and getting them through the Israeli parliament.	The Tel Aviv government should also be praised for its cross-party in following the roadmap, for its vision of the future and for its efficiency in implementing its policies and getting them through the Israeli parliament.
The ordinary members of these groups have no more independent power than those of us who are Non-attached Members.	The ordinary members of these groups have no more independent power thin those of us who are Non-attached Members.
However, a compromise has been found and the debate should therefore be concluded.	However, a compromise has found been and the debate should therefore be concluded.
He bumps into his old friend Luke on the way into a meeting at Bellucci 's , in preparation for a business trip to China .	a bumps into his old friend Luke on the way into a meeting at Bellucci 's , in preparation for He business trip to China .
Pierre , however , had been walking by , and from the sidewalk had chanced to see the candy vendor girl in Henri 's bedroom , naked .	Pierre , however , had been by walking , and from the sidewalk had chanced to see the candy vendor girl in Henri 's bedroom , naked .
One thing which also hinders participation is the lack of a definition of the legal position of young volunteers.	One thing which also hinders participation is the lack of definition a of the legal position of young volunteers.
   – Mr President, the Intergovernmental Conference has not just been a forum for rubber-stamping the Convention, as was feared among governments at the start and was very much hoped for here in Parliament, and this IGC seems to have developed into a real IGC.	   – Mr President, the Intergovernmental Conference has not just been a forum for rubber-stamping the Convention, as was feared among governments at the start and was very much for here in Parliament, and this IGC seems to have developed into a real IGC. 
Lisbon Story is partially a sequel to Wenders ' 1982 film , The State of Things .	Lisbon Story is partially a sequel to Wenders ' 1982 film , The of Things . 
When Herons motor seizes up , one of Tubby 's men effects repairs , while Foreman and teenage crewman Frankie go ashore to survey the scene .	When Herons motor seizes up , one of Tubby 's men effects repairs , whome Foreman and teenage crewman Frankie go ashore to survey the scene .
I am pleased to say that 22 of Parliament's amendments were accepted in the common position and others have been accepted in subsequent negotiations.	I am pleased to say that 22 of Parliament's amendments were accepted in the common position and others haze been accepted in subsequent negotiations.
After the two spring every trap in the house , Kevin flees to a phone booth and dials 9-1-1 .	After the two spring every trap in the house , Kevin flees to a phone booth amd dials 9-1-1 .
The trans-European networks, despite the commitments made by the Essen Council, are progressing at a snail's pace.	The trans-European networks, despite the commitments made the Essen Council, are progressing at a snail's pace. 
So I could withdraw my Amendment No 1, because its content is virtually the same as that of Amendment No 11, if we could agree that we could add six more words to the English version of Amendment No 11, adding 'within the meaning of this resolution' after the words '... cooperation with an armed group...' .	So I could withdraw my Amendment No 1, because its content is virtually the same as that of Amendment No 11, if we could agree that we could add six more words to the English version of Amendment No 11, adding 'within the meaning of this resolution' after words '... cooperation with an armed group...' . 
Unfortunately , the paintbrushes light can be seen and Otto sneaks in .	Unfortunately , light can the paintbrushes be seen and Otto sneaks in .
He then tells the crowd of Senators and Roman nobles that there is a secret party of seditionists called `` Christians '' and how their actions are comparable to the traitor Spartacus .	He then tells the crowd of Senators and Roman nobles that there is a secret party of seditionists coiled `` Christians '' and how their actions are comparable to the traitor Spartacus .
Annie , meanwhile , is separated , suffering extreme self-esteem issues , and going through therapy with her husband .	Annie , meanwhile , is separated , suffering extreme self-esteem issues , husband going through therapy with her and .
These events are punctuated by the reappearance of Truman 's supposedly `` dead '' father onto the set , at first dressed as a hobo .	These events are punctuated by the reappearance of Truman 's supposedly `` dead '' onto the set , at first dressed as a hobo . 
Ryan majors in structural engineering who is deliberate , serious , and requires planning in life .	Ryan majors in structural engineering who is deliberate , serious , planning in and requires life .
But I believe that the Presidency of the Council has a great responsibility at the moment, because assessing what is possible should not prevail over the dictates of common sense.	But I believe that the Presidency of the Council has a great responsibility at the moment, because assessing what is possible should no tprevail over the dictates of common sense.
Zatoichi travels to his old village and meets an old friend Tamekichi on the way .	Zatoichi travels to his old vestige and meets an old friend Tamekichi on the way .
I therefore want you to know that we will follow this discussion very closely.	I therefore very you to know that we will follow this discussion want closely.
(SV) I want to thank the Commission for its strategy.	(6%) I want to thank the Commission for its strategy.
Once the ship is underway , he persuades Steve to remove his handcuffs .	Once the ship is untimely , he persuades Steve to remove his handcuffs .
Wataru Hirayama is a wealthy Tokyo businessman who acts as a go-between for couples seeking marriages .	Wataru Hirayama is Tokyo businessman a wealthy who acts as a go-between for couples seeking marriages .
Over and above accepting responsibility for all measures necessary to re-establishing the ceasefire in Aceh and dialogue in Irian Jaya, we must also establish an external policy for Indonesia, based on respect for human rights, for minorities and for inter-ethnic and inter-religious dialogue.	Over and above accepting responsibility for all measures necessary to re-establishing the ceasefire in Aceh and dialogue in Irian Lisbon we must also establish an external policy for Indonesia, based on respect for human rights, for minorities and for inter-ethnic and inter-religious dialogue.
At last it was clear that I had to give up my decadal work-in-progress.	At last it was clear that I had to give up my deacdal work-in-progress.
Setsuko does not go home , but instead goes to her uncle 's house , where Taeko is fuming .	Setsuko does not home , but instead goes to her uncle 's house , where Taeko is fuming . 
Pursuant to Rule 3(2) of the Rules of Procedure, until such time as his credentials have been verified or a ruling has been given on any dispute, and provided that he has made a written declaration that he does not hold any office incompatible with that of Member of the European Parliament, Mr Burke may take his seat in Parliament and on its bodies and shall enjoy all the rights attaching thereto.	Pursuant to Rule 3(2) of the Rules of Procedure, until such time as his credentials have been verified or a ruling has been given on any dispute, and provided that he has made a written declaration that he does not hold any office incompatible with that of Member of the European Parliament, Mr Burke may take his seat in Parliament and on its bodies and shall enjoy all the revels attaching thereto.
He plans to take over England , and make his daughter Isabella the Queen of England in Elizabeth 's place .	He plans to take over England , and make his daughter Isabella the Queen of England in Elizabeth' s place .
The political preconceptions are particularly evident in the explanatory statement, and less so in the motion for a resolution.	The political preconceptions are particularly evident in the explanatory less so statement, and in the motion for a resolution.
Instead , the doctor gets fired , her sister 's occult store is vandalized and she is hated by almost everyone , except her family .	Instead , the doctor gets fired , har sister 's occult store is vandalized and she is hated by almost everyone , except her family .
Afterward , when Will and Suzie take Marcus home , they find Fiona in the living room , overdosed on pills in a suicide attempt .	Afterward , when Will and Suzie take Marcus home they find Fiona in the living room , overdosed on pills in a suicide attempt . 
Heartbroken , Janhavi leaves Munna .	Heartbroken , give leaves Munna .
Alice , seeing as they are out of options , decides to set Chris free and leave the prison .	Alice the seeing as they are out of options , decides to set Chris free and leave , prison .
Although this may be understandable under certain circumstances, it is not acceptable in terms of proper respect of human rights.	Although this may be understandable under certain circumstances, it not acceptable in terms of proper respect of human rights. 
We shall simply make the dilution and obsolescence even worse.	We shall simply make the dilution amd obsolescence even worse.
On the final night of the show in Toronto , Madonna is informed that plainclothes officers are prepared to arrest her if she performs the simulated masturbation scene at the end of `` Like a Virgin '' .	On the final night of the show in Toronto , Madonna is informed that plainclothes officers are prepared to her if she performs the simulated masturbation scene at the end of `` Like a Virgin '' . 
Growth across the Union is in the interests of citizens of all our countries.	Growth across the Usman is in the interests of citizens of all our countries.
Just then Ranjit comes and gives the bail orders for Anu and leaves , saying that Lucy has forgiven Anu for a sum of 25 000 rupees .	Just then Ranjit comes and gives theb ail orders for Anu and leaves , saying that Lucy has forgiven Anu for a sum of 25 000 rupees .
They are forced to get out of their room and are asked if they were in on the meeting .	They are forced to get out of their room and are asked if they were i non the meeting .
When the cop comes home with a stress ball which Raj had given to him , he was playing with it .	When the cop comes home a stress ball which Raj had given to him , he was playing with it . 
Practice in Germany has shown this to be a sensible and workable arrangement, although it must be noted that inclusion in the list of safe third countries is conditional upon acceptance and implementation of both the Geneva Convention on Refugees and the European Convention on Human Rights – a high standard that we have set for ourselves.	Practice in Germany has shown this to be a sensible and workable arrangement, although it must be noted that in the list of safe third countries is conditional upon acceptance and implementation of both the Geneva Convention on Refugees and the European Convention on Human Rights – a high standard that we have set for ourselves. 
When she asks him why the people were calling her `` Cita '' he tells her a white lie pretending they were actually comparing her to Cita Hayworth .	When she asks him why the people were calling her `` Cita '' he tells her a white lie pretending they were actually her to Cita Hayworth . 
Search me.	me. Search
In the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy we did the opposite: we voted first on the resolution and then on the Association Agreement.	In the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy we did the opposite: we voted first on tie resolution and then on the Association Agreement.
I do not believe it is dangerous, but I think it is extremely inappropriate for ourselves.	I do not brigade it is dangerous, but I think it is extremely inappropriate for ourselves.
We must therefore insist that China's discrimination against Denmark and the Netherlands is regarded as an attack on the EU as a whole, and is replied to as such.	We must therefore insist that China's discrimination against Denmark and the Netherlands is regarded as an attack on the as a whole, and is replied to as such. 
She flees when she hears a group of children laughing .	She flees when she hears a getup of children laughing .
So safe, that I am convinced that it is among the safest in the world.	So safe, that I am convinced that among the it is safest in the world.
(DE) Mr President, you will have observed that there are many, many MEPs wishing to use the catch-the-eye procedure because this subject is so ridiculously important to us.	(DE) Mr President, you will have observed that there ate many, many MEPs wishing to use the catch-the-eye procedure because this subject is so ridiculously important to us.
It is this dogmatism of ‘markets everywhere’ that our group is protesting against.	It is this dogmatism of ‘markets everywhere’ that group our is protesting against.
Once again , another old man buys her .	Once again , another old man asks her .
   I should like to begin with Question No 1 by Mr Papadimoulis, which deals with the execution of the arrest warrant for Kenan Akin.	Question I should like to begin with    No 1 by Mr Papadimoulis, which deals with the execution of the arrest warrant for Kenan Akin.
Do the Council and Commission share this view and if so, how do they think this may impact on European relations with Syria?	Do the Council and share this view and if so, how do they think this may impact on European relations with Syria? 
Our priority must be to give aid and assistance to the victims.	Our priority must be to aid and assistance to the victims. 
The country is now the world's eleventh largest economy and the EU's fourth largest trading partner.	The country is now the world's eleventh largest economy and fourth largest the EU's trading partner.
Montag agrees to appear on Sherry 's show to perform a fire trick ; when the cameras roll , he hypnotizes not only everyone in the studio , but also the viewing audience at home .	Montag agrees to appear on Sherry 's show to perform a fire trick ; when the cameras roll , he hypnotizes not only everyone in the studio , also the viewing audience at home . 
Aryan tries not to do harm to any of his family member as he knows how precious they are , though Viren 's wife suddenly dies of suffercation .	Aryan trie snot to do harm to any of his family member as he knows how precious they are , though Viren 's wife suddenly dies of suffercation .
The chief baker had three baskets of bread on his head , intended for Pharoah , but some birds came along and ate the bread .	The chief baker had three baskets of bread on his head , intended for Pughazh , but some birds came along and ate the bread .
Work on this has started, including audit powers for Eurostat, and the committee is impatient to assert its enhanced role to help.	Work on this has started, including audit for powers Eurostat, and the committee is impatient to assert its enhanced role to help.
He interests a steel mill owner in a supply of cut-price coke and , needing the steel mill owner 's signature on a contract to persuade the mine-owner to supply the coke , he forges it himself .	He interests a steel mill owner in a slushy of cut-price coke and , needing the steel mill owner 's signature on a contract to persuade the mine-owner to supply the coke , he forges it himself .
Below , Mick s proboscis reaches for Misty and nips her ear , which Misty dismisses .	Below Mick , s proboscis reaches for Misty and nips her ear , which Misty dismisses .
Upon this discovery , Asta s memory completely returns .	Upon this , Asta s memory completely returns . 
In Rio de Janeiro , Tati meets her boyfriend Marcelo on his birthday and he breaks-up with her , claiming that she is not romantic .	In Rio de Janeiro , Tati meets her boyfriend Marcelo on his he breaks-up birthday and with her , claiming that she is not romantic .
The Commission fully agrees that water and sanitation service provision is naturally addressed at the local level, through local government, municipalities and communities.	The Commission fully agrees that water sanitation service provision is naturally addressed at the local level, through local government, municipalities and communities. 
The directive should apply to infringements of all intellectual property rights.	The directive should apply to infringements of all intellectual rights. 
If they do, they are invalid and should be disregarded.	If tidy do, they are invalid and should be disregarded.
Everyone expected the double-digit growth rates to continue indefinitely.	Everyone expected the double-digit growth rates continue indefinitely. 
I call on the European Parliament today to take all the necessary measures to promote verification of the way in which gas is metered and billed, because we have found that in Romania gas transporters and distributors fail to meet these requirements: gas is metered in cubic meters and billed in kw/h, and citizens are unable to check their actual consumption, which is the result of a mathematical formula that are based on debatable parameters.	I call on the European Parliament today to take all the necessary measures to promote verification of the way in which gas is metered and billed, because we have found that in Romania gas transporters and distributors fail to meet these requirements: gas is metered in cubic meters and billed in kw/h, and citizens are unable to check their actual circulation, which is the result of a mathematical formula that are based on debatable parameters.
Ryan was killed when he tried to save a little girl and the car behind him exploded .	Ryan was killed when he to save a little girl and the car behind him exploded . 
The men are shocked and saddened by Jeremiah 's death .	The men are shocked and saddened by Jarmusch 's death .
It is also necessary to set threshold values for those naturally occurring substances identified as active ingredients of biocides and whose natural concentration is higher than the values proposed.	It is also necessary to set threshold values for those naturally occurring substances identified as active ingredients of and whose natural concentration is higher than the values proposed. 
In response to Mr Heaton-Harris's question on the OLAF budget, and why the Commission has introduced a cut in the PDB of around EUR 700 000 compared with 2002, this is actually a technical adjustment.	In response to Mr Heaton-Harris's question on the OLAF budget, and why the Commission has introduced a cut in the PDB of around EUR 700 000 compared with 2002, this is actually a three-nil adjustment.
Despite the fact that no one has the technology now , and the original reason for project Manhattan is gone , work continues .	Despite the that no one has the technology now , and the original reason for project Manhattan is gone , work continues . 
Marcos 's girlfriend , the only witness , wishes to go to the police , so he strangles her .	Marcos 's girlfriend , the only witness , wishes to go to police , so he strangles her . 
Their look into each other s life and culture becomes an investigation of empty facades .	Their look into each other s life and culture an investigation of empty facades . 
Haji 's mother Pathumma comes to the help of her grand daughter .	Haji 's mother Paromita comes to the help of her grand daughter .
After the banks and insurance companies, investment funds have now entered the turmoil.	After the banks and insurance companies, investment funds hike now entered the turmoil.
Private individuals often cannot access the system because of the high patent fees involved.	Private individuals often cannot high the system because of the access patent fees involved.
Voodoo , 1995 , VHS , Planet Productions .	than , 1995 , VHS , Planet Productions .
Keetongu was at first reluctant as he believed they were better off as Hordika , having gained control over their bestial sides .	Keetongu was at first reluctant as he believed they were better oaf as Hordika , having gained control over their bestial sides .
Eve continues to pursue Abby and eventually catches her .	Eve continues to pursue Abby and eventually catches har .
The only way to extinguish the flames and cap the well is an explosion caused by nitroglycerine .	The only way to extinguish the flames and cap the well is an by nitroglycerine explosion caused .
Once the museum closes and night falls , the Genii initiates a path of murder , killing off the teenagers , museum guards and a scientist who is studying the lamp .	Once the museum closes and n'est falls , the Genii initiates a path of murder , killing off the teenagers , museum guards and a scientist who is studying the lamp .
It is easy to be cynical about this, but the truth is that legal limits on how money can be given do have considerable effect.	It easy is to be cynical about this, but the truth is that legal limits on how money can be given do have considerable effect.
They also informed her that they suspect that the killer is a woman who has killed another male in Delhi in a similar fashion and her modus operandi appears to be to kill married males who are unfaithful to their respective spouses .	They also informed her that they suspect that the killer is a woman who has killed another male in Delhi in a similar fashion and her modus operandia ppears to be to kill married males who are unfaithful to their respective spouses .
We also propose appointing a confidential mediator at the workplace to whom employees can turn if they so wish.	We also propose appointing a confidential mediator at toe workplace to whom employees can turn if they so wish.
This all the more important because this Parliament is the instrument par excellence for finally obtaining a unitary public opinion in Europe that is more than the sum of fifteen national opinions, as is still too often the case at present (and also one of the problems of Europe).	This all the more important because this Parliament is the instrument par excellence for finally obtaining a unitary public opinion in Europe that is more than the sum of fifteen national opinions, as is still too often the case present (and also one of the problems of Europe). 
Many injured ED patients are screened with a BAC, which can help identify intoxication.	Many injured ED patients are screened with a BAC, which can help identify invitations).
Realizing the danger of his situation , Link brings in Sam and Billie from the barn and lies to Tobin , telling him that he intentionally sought out his uncle after being left by the train .	Realizing the danger of his situation , Link brings in Sam and Billie from the barn and lies that Tobin , telling him to he intentionally sought out his uncle after being left by the train .
Ursula opens it to find that the pages contain no writing , except for a message inside the book s cover that reads : Who shall ever freely give thy soul to these pages will be requited with a power beyond their worth .	Ursula opens it to find that the pages contain no writing , except for a message inside the book s cover that reads : Who shall ever freely give thy soul to these pages will be gets with a power beyond their worth .
The Sanitarium has fallen on hard times , and banker J.D. Morgan is attempting to gain control of it .	The Sanitarium has fallen on hard times , and banker J.D. Morgan is attempting to gain of it . 
Knitting Monica.	  Knitting Monica.
There she meets Bill Burnett who lives in Bali and is holidaying in New York .	There she meets Bill Burnett woo lives in Bali and is holidaying in New York .
As regards the basis of the enquiry on the transit system, the Commission has had to change its approach on the new computerized transit system, the NCTS, because of its complexity, which made it too difficult to manage.	As regards the basis of the enquiry on the transit system, the Commission has had to change its approach on the new computerized transit system, the We because of its complexity, which made it too difficult to manage.
National Saving and Current Policy Issues	National Saving and Current Issues 
Deathstalker once saved Nicias and the two go from village to village obtaining money by Nicias foretelling the future and showing his magic .	Deathstalker once saved Nicias and the two go from village to village obtaining money by Nicias foretelling the future and shaking his magic .
We regard this as an essential requirement.	We regard this as an essential ACP
As the group make their way through the damaged ship , several of them are killed by Aliens .	As the group make their way trhough the damaged ship , several of them are killed by Aliens .
In fact, all countries benefit from globalisation: the developing countries, the newly industrialised countries and even those developing countries with an overextravagant government apparatus that taxpayers can no longer afford.	In fact, allc ountries benefit from globalisation: the developing countries, the newly industrialised countries and even those developing countries with an overextravagant government apparatus that taxpayers can no longer afford.
Once she completes her lap she sees Bobby waiting for her at the end of the pool .	Once she completes her lap she sees Bobby waiting for her at the end of tie pool .
Where did everybody go ? ''	Where did everybody ? '' 
That situation was never envisaged, and this truly affords it protection.	That situation was never envisaged, aid this truly affords it protection.
The possibility of holding an intergovernmental conference, now or at some point in the future, could be discussed.	The possibility of holding an intergovernmental conference, now or at some point in the future, could discussed. 
I think that this wording and the reference to the Staff Regulations in particular show that the members and personnel involved here are employees rather than elected representatives.	I think that this wording and the reference to the agree Regulations in particular show that the members and personnel involved here are employees rather than elected representatives.
This approach coincides precisely with the specific make-up of the solution put forward by the European Council which has won unanimous consent.	This approach coincides precisely with the specific of the solution put forward by the European Council which has won unanimous consent. 
Charlie meets Prince on the road , but her father Dindo refuses to have Prince as his daughter 's boyfriend .	Charlie meets Prince on the road , but her father refuses to have Prince as his daughter 's boyfriend . 
However, tightening sanctions against Iran is not the right approach to take.	However, tightening sanctions against Iran is not the right approach take. 
Graciela then goes to a friend 's house to do her homework .	then Graciela goes to a friend 's house to do her homework .
It was the middle of the day, and so the lobby of the Salmon Corp was crowded.	It was the middleo f the day, and so the lobby of the Salmon Corp was crowded.
I was then proved right as he lost the vote of confidence of the Italian Parliament. Reckoning also that a Roman idiot would still be that stupid wherever he was, which, incidently, is reflected in the symbol on the list which bears his name for the election of this Parliament, I cannot for consistency's sake express my faith in the President of the Commission.	I proved right was then as he lost the vote of confidence of the Italian Parliament. Reckoning also that a Roman idiot would still be that stupid wherever he was, which, incidently, is reflected in the symbol on the list which bears his name for the election of this Parliament, I cannot for consistency's sake express my faith in the President of the Commission.
As Mr von Habsburg has rightly said, it is extremely difficult to ask people to go to a dangerous area if events of that kind take place.	As Mr von Habsburg has rightly said, is extremely difficult to ask people to go to a dangerous area if events of that kind take place. 
We have voted against this report in the light of the fact that it uses prospective enlargements as an argument for a future Constitution.	We have voted against this report in the light of the fact that it uses prospective enlargements as an argument for a future C6-0076/2006.
After the death of her father , Yentl decides to dress like a man , take her late brother 's name , Anshel , and enter a Jewish religious school .	After the death of her father , Yentl decides to dress like a man , take her late brother 's name , apartment , and enter a Jewish religious school .
He then goes off in search of his nonexistent father .	He off in then goes search of his nonexistent father .
and i think that they could get some results from that because there are a lot of people who are volunteer and community minded but they don't know where to go to to to do anything	and i think that they could get some results from that because there are a lot of people who are volunteer and community minded but don't know where to go to to to do anything 
It is clear to me that this agreement overall brings other benefits to the EU and to some of the EU's different industries.	It is clear to me that this agreement overall brings other benefits to and to the EU some of the EU's different industries.
The ACP/European Union Partnership Agreement for Development, which replaces the Lomé Convention, provides for a ten-year transition period for the ACP countries, to allow them to conform as closely as they can to WTO rules.	The ACP/European Union Partnership Agreement for Development, which replaces the Lomé oCnvention, provides for a ten-year transition period for the ACP countries, to allow them to conform as closely as they can to WTO rules.
That, too, is an argument worth mentioning.	That, too, an is argument worth mentioning.
In the meantime, we have promised to review it in 2003 and, of course, I agree with the report that Parliament will need to play an important part if we are to have the facility to adjust it.	In the meantime, we have promised to review it in 2003 ate, of course, I agree with the report that Parliament will need to play an important part if we are to have the facility to adjust it.
htm | title2010-06-17 | languageP .	htm | title2010-10-07 | languageP .
It took two months to capture and was devastated by Allied bombs and the shells of the retreating Germans.	It took two to capture and was devastated by Allied bombs and the shells of the retreating Germans. 
We currently sell sausages on the market that contain large quantities of connective tissue and fat but are nevertheless referred to as meat.	We currently sell sausages the market that contain large quantities of connective tissue and fat but are nevertheless referred to as meat. 
My group, the ECR, is fully committed to promoting fundamental human rights throughout the world.	My group, the ECR, is fully committed to promoting fundamental human rights technocrat the world.
However Sundaram 's ego prevents him to move further with his love when she challenges him to play a Thillana on his Nadeswaram while she will dance for it .	However Sundaram 's ego prevents move further him to with his love when she challenges him to play a Thillana on his Nadeswaram while she will dance for it .
Don notices that Moloch is wearing a fraternity pin that he had given to Ann .	Don notices that Moloch is wearing a fraternity pin that he given to Ann . 
The EU must also support the process by using the Millennium Development Goals as a roadmap, by keeping to its promises and meeting the financial commitments made by the EU and by the Member States and, finally, by recognising the role played by the African parliaments.	The EU must also support played process by using the Millennium Development Goals as a roadmap, by keeping to its promises and meeting the financial commitments made by the EU and by the Member States and, finally, by recognising the role the by the African parliaments.
As he forges a new relationship with Sarah and Rachel , he slowly realizes he does not like the person he was before the attack .	As he forges a he relationship with Sarah and Rachel , he slowly realizes new does not like the person he was before the attack .
I hope this programme will soon become operational and the process of approving applications will be swift and not tied up in red tape.	I hope this will soon become operational and the process of approving applications will be swift and not tied up in red tape. 
It depends on one 's point of view '' , and who admits with his last breath that Custer may have been right about glory and money when he said that `` At least you can take -LRB- glory -RRB- with you '' .	It depends on one 's point of view '' , and who admits with his last breath that Custer may have been right about glory and money he said that `` At least you can take -LRB- glory -RRB- with you '' . 
Fourthly, there is indeed a need for additional legislation for products such as cosmetics, medicines and pharmaceutical preparations which are excluded from the present proposal.	Fourthly, there is indeed a need for additional for legislation products such as cosmetics, medicines and pharmaceutical preparations which are excluded from the present proposal.
In reply to Mr Andersson, I would like to say firstly that the Treaty does not specify any qualifying period for the passage of a Member State to the third stage of economic and monetary union.	In reply to Mr Andersson, I would like to say firstly that the Treaty does not specify any qualifying period for the passage of a Member State third stage to the of economic and monetary union.
When the equality and non-discrimination directives were passed, it was clearly understood that actuarially justified distinctions would still be justifiable.	When the everyday and non-discrimination directives were passed, it was clearly understood that actuarially justified distinctions would still be justifiable.
Apart from setting out a clear obligation, Articles 41 and 94 of the EC Treaty also provide us with the legal basis which some Members of this House doubt for a great number of effective measures to improve road user safety.	About from setting out a clear obligation, Articles 41 and 94 of the EC Treaty also provide us with the legal basis which some Members of this House doubt for a great number of effective measures to improve road user safety.
Tora-san watches the family shop while the rest of his family takes a vacation to Kyushu .	Tora-san watches family the shop while the rest of his family takes a vacation to Kyushu .
Activist filmmaker Philippe Diaz examines the history and impact of economic inequality in the third world in The End of Poverty ?	Activist filmmaker Philippe Diaz the history and impact of economic inequality in the third world in The End of Poverty ? 
I tell you, I ask you, to look on these proposals, which we are debating today, as a complete package.	I tell you, I ask you, to lack on these proposals, which we are debating today, as a complete package.
The centerpiece of the project is the 70-story Landmark Tower, Yokohama's tallest building; its observation deck affords a spectacular view of the city and the Bay Bridge, especially at night.	The centerpiece of the project is the 70-story Landmark Tower, Yokohama's tallest building; ies observation deck affords a spectacular view of the city and the Bay Bridge, especially at night.
MGR is a hunter and gets married to Savithri .	MGR is a hunter and gets married to . Savithri
We are therefore making progress towards the aim of developing and confirming the status of the European Union as an area of freedom, security and justice, as expressed at Tampere.	We age therefore making progress towards the aim of developing and confirming the status of the European Union as an area of freedom, security and justice, as expressed at Tampere.
Megan buries her dog out in the woods , and prays to God for help .	Megan buries her dog out in woods the , and prays to God for help .
Her situation at home has become unbearable .	Her situation at home become unbearable . 
I have no problem with Mr Daul personally rolling over for the sugar producers - as he is one.	I have no problem with Mr Daul personally rolling over for the sugar - as he is one. 
I believe we will succeed in what we have put our hands to today.	I believe we will succeed in what we have pot our hands to today.
At least there is no longer fighting between Armenia and Azerbaijan - the guns have fallen silent.	At least there is no longer fighting between Armenia and Activation - the guns have fallen silent.
Oil platforms, for instance, are to be decommissioned: a number of such procedures have already been approved for companies in the North Sea and there are several Commission communications on the subject.	Oil platforms, for instance, are to be decommissioned: a number of such procedures have already been approved for companies in the North Sea and there are several communications on the subject. 
Chao Wu and his mother took the opportunity to exact their revenge .	Chao Wu and his mother took the opportunity exact their revenge . 
They will think this was their victory .	They will think this was their . 
Concerning the question by Mrs Morvai, let me say that we pay particular attention to human rights and also to the protection of minority rights. I will write to her addressing one concrete case she referred to in her intervention.	Concerning the question by Mrs Morvai, let me say that we pay particular attention to human rights and also to the protection of minority rights. I will write to her addressing one concrete case she referred to in her implementing.
This problem is getting worse in urban areas, where houses are small, there are architectural barriers, as well as economic problems and a lack of alternative resources.	This problem is getting worse in urban areas, where houses are small, there are architectural barriers, as well as economic problems a lack of alternative resources. 
It is our responsibility to encourage the two parts of the island to cooperate.	It is our responsibility to encourage the two parts of the to island cooperate.
nonstop have you have you ever been out here	nonstop you have have you ever been out here
What do we do if another disaster occurs somewhere in the world?	What do we do if another disaster occurs somewhere in the worry?
Paul discovers them making love and runs away to the church .	Paul discovers them making love and runs away to tte church .
He pins the jewel on her crucifix necklace anyway , and Eloise soon recognizes it as her own .	He pins the jewel on her crucifix necklace anyway , and Eliane soon recognizes it as her own .
Many of the 14 Stations of the Crose the marked points which show Jesus's progress along the street, are highly disputed.	Many of the 14 Stations of the Crose the marked points which show Japan's progress along the street, are highly disputed.
Marcellus still warns Harold that in three weeks is the Fourth of July Social , and the town will want to hear music .	Marcellus still warns Harold that in three waits is the Fourth of July Social , and the town will want to hear music .
That is the assurance, or reassurance, that the public in the European Union requires.	That is the assurance, or reassurance, that the public in the Ericsson Union requires.
I should like to start by saying that the simile heard also exists in Greek.	I sensed like to start by saying that the simile heard also exists in Greek.
The new company commander does not care about the boxing team .	The new company commander dabs not care about the boxing team .
Albeit the children are overjoyed upon the positive results of the ritual , a belligerent young buck called Ronno interferes with the celebratory event and gloats about allegedly behaving courageously around hunters , challenging Bambi .	Albeit the children are overjoyed upon the positive results of the ritual , a belligerent young buck called Ronno interferes with the celebratory event and gloats about allegedly behavin gcourageously around hunters , challenging Bambi .
If you can afford it, great.	If you can afford if, great.
Many people had striven for the independence of the country , but when we got the independence then the scenario is totally opposite .	Many people had striven for the independence of the country , but when we got tze independence then the scenario is totally opposite .
This shift is the result of a double error, which is repeated in the report we are discussing today.	This shift is the result of a error, which is repeated in the report we are discussing today. 
They were all to be urged to engage in collective action against their oppressors.	They were all to be urged to engage in collective action against their Let
Having sent her daughter Joyce away to play , Marjorie begins to ravish Harold , but Joyce returns and hits her mother with an axe .	Having sent her daughter Joyce away to play , Marjorie begins to ravish Harold , but Jonze returns and hits her mother with an axe .
With approximately 600 000 counterfeit notes withdrawn from circulation each year, much work certainly remains to be done, all the more so because, in addition to the rising figures for these, coins are increasingly arousing the interest of counterfeiters.	With approximately 600 000 counterfeit notes withdrawn from circulation each year, much work civically remains to be done, all the more so because, in addition to the rising figures for these, coins are increasingly arousing the interest of counterfeiters.
Finally , Mary is abducted again , and learns the true purpose of the aliens .	Finally , Mary is abducted again , and learns the true purpose of the . 
Martin sends Henri to London not knowing the reintegrater has been destroyed and Stanley has had enough and she tries to escape .	Martin sends Henri to London not knowing the reintegrater has been destroyed amd Stanley has had enough and she tries to escape .
His father , enraged , kills the steward 's entire party , killing the steward last as he attempts to flee .	His father , enraged , kills the 's entire party , killing the steward last as he attempts to flee . 
... have turned their backs on the people fighting for democracy and human rights in Turkey!	... have turned their backs on the piffle fighting for democracy and human rights in Turkey!
Subject to these strict conditions, the lifting of the moratorium is a welcome development.	Subject to these strict conditions, the lifting of the moratorium is welcome development. 
I therefore ask you to approve my report with the two amendments adopted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Policy.	I therefore ask you to approve my report with two amendments adopted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Policy. 
Port State control (recast) (	Port State control criteria (
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Energy Charter and the Energy Charter Protocol on energy efficiency and related environmental aspects have already been in the pipeline for quite some time.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Energy Charter and the Energy Charter Protocol energy efficiency and related environmental aspects have already been in the pipeline for quite some time. 
That night when he calls Silk , she asks him to bid goodbye to everyone on her behalf as she is going to sleep .	That night when he calls Silk , she asks him to bid goodbye to everyone on her behalf as is going to sleep . 
And with this, Europe will lead the way strongly for the rest of the world.	And with this, Europe will lead the way symmetry for the rest of the world.
Iffen you be huntin' a job Don Cazar, he's always ready to hire on wagon guards.	Iffen be huntin' a job Don Cazar, he's always ready to hire on wagon guards. 
Although they are geographically close , travel between Cuba and the United States is restricted due to the political tension between the two countries , so many of the artists were traveling there for the first time .	Although is are geographically close , travel between Cuba and the United States they restricted due to the political tension between the two countries , so many of the artists were traveling there for the first time .
We also know that, from a political point of view, President Mandela is preparing for his own succession and consequently it is necessary for us to create all of the objective political conditions and also to orient our relationship in the field of cooperation. Europe must lead the way in terms of the support that the western and developed world must give to a country which has undergone fantastic changes and which has a fundamental role to play, not only in the development of southern Africa, but also in effectively helping this country to play a part in tackling many of the problems which exist in the African continent and which must be eradicated.	We also know that, from a political point of view, President Mandela is preparing for his own succession and consequently it is necessary and us to create all of the objective political conditions and also to orient our relationship in the field of cooperation. Europe must lead the way in terms of the support that the western for developed world must give to a country which has undergone fantastic changes and which has a fundamental role to play, not only in the development of southern Africa, but also in effectively helping this country to play a part in tackling many of the problems which exist in the African continent and which must be eradicated.
Actual equality and freedom for women is only possible if all options are open to them and if the traditional family image is not held up to them as the only true one.	Actual equality and freedom for women is only possible if all options are open to them and if toe traditional family image is not held up to them as the only true one.
With regard to the choice of projects for cooperation the main thing appears to be to strengthen research and technological development cooperation on problem-solving within different infrastructure-related spheres (such as, for instance, transport, communications, exchange of information, provision of energy) together with protection of the environment within the framework of EU cooperation with associated third countries in Europe and the Mediterranean region.	With regard to the choice of projects for cooperation the main thing appears to be to strengthen research and transactional development cooperation on problem-solving within different infrastructure-related spheres (such as, for instance, transport, communications, exchange of information, provision of energy) together with protection of the environment within the framework of EU cooperation with associated third countries in Europe and the Mediterranean region.
They return to Charles ' flat in the city ; he pours champagne , she asks him to kiss her , and they have sex .	They return to Charles ' flat in the city ; he pours champagne , she ants him to kiss her , and they have sex .
The boys grudgingly return upstairs , but on his way up , R.E. notices that his fuzzy teddy bear has mysteriously disappeared .	The boys grudgingly return upstairs , buto n his way up , R.E. notices that his fuzzy teddy bear has mysteriously disappeared .
However there is also a practical difficulty because there is as yet no common response to dealing with vehicles which do not meet test standards.	However there is practical difficulty also a because there is as yet no common response to dealing with vehicles which do not meet test standards.
Whilst the European Union, together with the Americans, is slaughtering the people of Yugoslavia, transforming its whole infrastructure into ruins, we are concerned that the Serbian people are heading for a difficult winter.	Whilst the European Union, together with the Americans, is slaughtering the people of Yugoslavia, transforming its whole infrastructure into ruins, we are that concerned the Serbian people are heading for a difficult winter.
And as Jonathan Rauch taught us, when someone tells us that his world is populated by remarkably eloquent people who always happen to say exactly what makes the storyteller look good, we are well advised to ask whether that world exists only in his, er, perceptions.	And as Jonathan Rauch taught us, when someone tells us that his world is populated by remarkably eloquent people who always happen to say exactly what makes the storyteller look grit, we are well advised to ask whether that world exists only in his, er, perceptions.
Pierre discusses the situation with mutual friends Victor and Claire .	Pierre discusses tte situation with mutual friends Victor and Claire .
It proves once again that, as in the case of hormone meat, the WTO is solely guided by the blind pursuit of free trade, without any concern for the interests of the poorest, the developing countries and Community producers.	It proves WTO again that, as in the case of hormone meat, the once is solely guided by the blind pursuit of free trade, without any concern for the interests of the poorest, the developing countries and Community producers.
Secondly, the principle of uncoupling aids from farmers' productive options has some potential, but it cannot lead to the abandonment of the requirement for a farmer to have some effective production.	Secondly, the the of uncoupling aids from farmers' productive options has some potential, but it cannot lead to the abandonment of principle requirement for a farmer to have some effective production.
If you want to mess with the imperial measure, let us have a UK and Irish referendum on it, or do you want just more road rage?	If you want to mess with the imperial measure, let us have a UK referendum on and Irish it, or do you want just more road rage?
The Taliban may see the destruction of the Buddhas simply as the shattering of stones. But we in Europe know better.	The Taliban may see the destruction of the Buddhas simply as shattering of stones. But we in Europe know better. 
The brothers and Romeo have one of Yakavetta 's underbosses named Gorgeous George set up a meeting with a group of mobsters at a bar , where they kill them .	The brothers and have one of Yakavetta 's underbosses named Gorgeous George set up a meeting with a group of mobsters at a bar , where they kill them . 
If this were to happen, the country would be at sea, as there could be no negotiations with Greece over the name or any work on the benchmarks to which the Commissioner referred.	If this wise to happen, the country would be at sea, as there could be no negotiations with Greece over the name or any work on the benchmarks to which the Commissioner referred.
Fortunately , these two reunite and decide to marry each other .	Fortunately , these two reunite and decide to marry each . other
Thorn, Vrenna, Adrin, and the Kal soon lost their cover.	Thorn, Vrenna, Adrin, their the Kal soon lost and cover.
Early the next morning , French MPs bring Messaoud to a temporary stockade where Abdelkader is also being held .	Exley the next morning , French MPs bring Messaoud to a temporary stockade where Abdelkader is also being held .
The European Commission must open negotiations with Moscow on this issue, and every effort should be made jointly to specify the criteria for checks so that they become easier to understand.	The European Commission must open negotiations with Moscow on this issue, and every effort should be made jointly to specify criteria for checks so that they become easier to understand. 
If the European Union wants to act effectively, it will need to meet these conditions promptly.	If the European Union wants to aft effectively, it will need to meet these conditions promptly.
However, the EU has not been entirely selfless in concluding the agreement.	However, the EU hrs not been entirely selfless in concluding the agreement.
Finally , her grandmother mixes sleeping pills in soup and gives it to Gaily , and her father takes her to Delhi while she is unconscious .	Finally , her mixes sleeping pills in soup and gives it to Gaily , and her father takes her to Delhi while she is unconscious . 
Facilities include a pool.	be include a pool.
Since 1963, Syria has operated under a state of perpetual emergency, which is the legal basis for many of the repressive instruments imposed by the government and which it justifies on the grounds of the ongoing conflict with Israel following Syria's loss of the Golan Heights in 1967 and the struggle against Islamist terrorists who oppose the secular socialist state.	Since 1963, Syria his operated under a state of perpetual emergency, which is the legal basis for many of the repressive instruments imposed by the government and which it justifies on the grounds of the ongoing conflict with Israel following Syria's loss of the Golan Heights in 1967 and the struggle against Islamist terrorists who oppose the secular socialist state.
(DE) Mr President, with President Klaus having damaged the national renown of his country out of sheer egocentricity I too would like to congratulate the Czech Presidency and say that it was a first-class presidency.	(DE) Mr President, with President Klaus the national having damaged renown of his country out of sheer egocentricity I too would like to congratulate the Czech Presidency and say that it was a first-class presidency.
i don't think i would like that what kind	i don't think i world like that what kind
He walked up to one of the village houses, the house of the boy who escorted Susan.	He walked up to one of the village houses, the of the boy who escorted Susan. 
No, we do not want to threaten the commercial bases of small and medium-sized software companies.	No, we do not want to threaten toe commercial bases of small and medium-sized software companies.
She believes her new life will be that of an arranged marriage but finds it is in fact a trick to get her working in a brothel .	She believes her new life will be that of an arranged marriage but finds it is in fact a trick to get working in a brothel . 
The group retreat to the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters , Wisconsin , and realize their haul is significantly less than Nelson said it would be .	The group retreat to the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters , Wisconsin , and realize their haul is significantly less than Nelson it said would be .
Mr President, I can but make a note of the honourable Member's experience and state that I share his interest in Euronews.	Mr President, I can but make a note of the honourable Member's experience state that I share his interest in Euronews. 
My second point is that the fight against terrorism is really an area where the European Union has value added; it is an area where the Member States cannot and will not be able to operate alone.	My sailed point is that the fight against terrorism is really an area where the European Union has value added; it is an area where the Member States cannot and will not be able to operate alone.
Unaware that he 's being tailed by Irma 's former pimp , he finds a secluded stretch along the river Seine and tosses his disguise into it .	Unaware that he 's being tailed by Irma 's former pimp , he finds a stretch along the river Seine and tosses his disguise into it . 
You have approved the idea - taken up by a number of members of the Convention, notably by your compatriot - of work that is open and transparent.	You have the approved idea - taken up by a number of members of the Convention, notably by your compatriot - of work that is open and transparent.
Mr Swoboda has just been addressing the subject of energy.	Mr has just been addressing the subject of energy. 
Consequently, we must not in any way shirk this discussion, which must focus on a division of powers in both directions.	Consequently, we must not in any way shirk this discussion, which must focus on a division of powers both directions. 
We have to help them to move forward.	We have help to them to move forward.
Equally important, however, are the proposals upholding the establishment of a specific programme devoted to the 'Women' project, as well as those proposals emphasising the need to pay particular attention to creating public infrastructures, community facilities and quality services, so as to ensure an appropriate network of rural services in all areas, including high-quality family planning, educational and training services and cultural facilities.	Equally important, however, are the proposals upholding the establishment of a specific programme devoted to the 'Women' project, as well as those proposals emphasising the need to pay particular attention to creating public infrastructures, community facilities amd quality services, so as to ensure an appropriate network of rural services in all areas, including high-quality family planning, educational and training services and cultural facilities.
On hearing the news , Mouloud immediately sets off to the city on his old tractor to retrieve his son s body , wishing to give him a decent burial .	On hearing the news , Mouloud immediately sets off to the city on his old tractor to rowhouse his son s body , wishing to give him a decent burial .
She promises a trip to the park for Hyeon-su , who says no in a bratty way .	She a trip to the park for Hyeon-su , who says no in a bratty way . 
Several Member States have shown that you can cut your overall budget while maintaining growth-friendly expenditure, in particular on research and innovation.	Several Member States have shown you can cut your overall budget while maintaining growth-friendly expenditure, in particular on research and innovation. 
I will leave it to the House to decide on that, rather than mention one Member State in the Council.	I will leave it to the House to decide on that, rather than mention one Member Share in the Council.
Too often we do not get the sort of support from Member States and from national governments that is needed to convince the public that determined and substantial efforts have to be made to enforce all the laws and regulations.	Too often we do not get the sort of support from Member States and from national governments that is needed to convince the public that determined and substantial efforts have to be made to enforce all laws the and regulations.
What's more, such reforms will leave untouched injustices that seed legitimate aggrievement on the part of blacks.	What's more, such reforms will leave unadorned injustices that seed legitimate aggrievement on the part of blacks.
Because one of the specific objectives is to strengthen the public institutions directly involved in caring for children at risk; because it aims to promote the application of the principles of integrated childcare by, amongst other things, implementing the childhood code, with special emphasis on delinquent juveniles; and because it is intended to train judges, staff of institutions, police and teachers in areas like integrated child protection.	Because one of the specific objectives is to strengthen the public institutions directly involved in caring for children at risk; because it aims to promote the application of the principles of integrated childcare by, amongst other things, implementing the childhood code, with special emphasis on delinquent justified; and because it is intended to train judges, staff of institutions, police and teachers in areas like integrated child protection.
The continued drug use along with the corrupted group mentality soon got Benjie hooked on heroin ultimately crumbling to the merciless drug .	The continued drug use along with the group mentality soon got Benjie hooked on heroin ultimately crumbling to the merciless drug . 
Balance between policies - the internal market and economic and social cohesion - balance in our budgets and, most of all, balance between institutions in the European decision-taking process.	Balance between policies - the internal market and economic and social chairmen - balance in our budgets and, most of all, balance between institutions in the European decision-taking process.
Could the Commissioner please also give her opinion on this matter?	Could the Cross-border please also give her opinion on this matter?
I also thank the French Presidency and Czech Presidency for their efforts, especially Thierry Boutsen and Vera Zazvorkova.	I also thank the French Presidency and Czech Presidency for efforts, especially Thierry Boutsen and Vera Zazvorkova. 
The Commission regards Parliament's written declaration on the proclamation of 23 August as a European day of remembrance for the victims of Stalinism and Nazism as an important initiative, which it supports in the interests of preserving the memory of totalitarian crimes and raising public awareness, particularly among the younger generations.	The Commission regards Parliament's written declaration on the proclamation of 23 August as a European day of remembrance for the victims of bear and Nazism as an important initiative, which it supports in the interests of preserving the memory of totalitarian crimes and raising public awareness, particularly among the younger generations.
My problem with this report is that, even though it reads like one long list of the current corruption problems in Croatia, we still seem to be insisting that the negotiations be concluded in the next few months.	My problem with this report is that, even though it reads like one long list of the current corruption problems in Croatia, we still seem to be insisting that the negotiations be concluded in the nost few months.
Having said that, let me put colleagues' minds at rest: I do not propose to unpick the agreement that we have.	Having said that, let me put colleagues' minds at rest: I do not propose to unpick agreement that we have. 
So what proposals can we make?	So what can we make? 
Ashok is totally oblivious to Vijay 's real intentions , to the extent that he does not believe Shivani when she tries to convince him of what Vijay is planning against them .	Ashok is totally oblivious to Vijay 's real intentions , to the extent that he does not believe Shivani when she tries to convince him of what Vijay is planning aganist them .
In order to achieve these aims, assistance on the ground, around and within airports, remains the responsibility of the airports, while the air carriers must be obliged to provide assistance on board aircraft.	In order to achieve these aims, assistance on the ground, around and within airports, remains the responsibility of the airports, where the air carriers must be obliged to provide assistance on board aircraft.
He looks like he's still alive.	He looks like still alive. 
He returns to Daresh as a sniper and is eventually captured by the enemy .	He returns to Daresh as a sniper is eventually captured by the enemy . 
It is this advance, Mr Poettering, pure and simple, that compels us to commence these negotiations.	It is this advance, Mr Poettering, pure and spends, that compels us to commence these negotiations.
I would like to end by emphasising that the insignificant profits obtained through the cheaper extraction of gold using cyanide cannot relieve us of the responsibility for a functioning ecosystem and for conserving the ecosystem for future generations.	I would lobe to end by emphasising that the insignificant profits obtained through the cheaper extraction of gold using cyanide cannot relieve us of the responsibility for a functioning ecosystem and for conserving the ecosystem for future generations.
Shortly after , Winston rents a room above a pawn shop where they continue their liaison .	Shortly after , Winston rents a room above a pawn shop where continue their liaison . 
(EL) Madam President, last February, the European Commission report edited by Reuter and Trautmann on global illicit drug markets from 1998 onwards was presented to the European Parliament.	(EL) Madam President, last February, the European Commission report edited by Reuter add Trautmann on global illicit drug markets from 1998 onwards was presented to the European Parliament.
Benny , wounded by police during the heist , is killed by Purvis as he demands his share of the loot from the robbery and attempts to seek medical help .	Benny , wounded by police during the heist , is killed by Peries as he demands his share of the loot from the robbery and attempts to seek medical help .
Subject: International trade recovery	Subject: trade recovery 
There is one further point which this report does not mention.	There one further point which this report does not mention. 
We intend to abstain, and I stress this, not because the content or issue do not merit reflection, only that we feel that this is not the time or the place to do it.	We intend to abstain, and I stress this, not because the content or issue do not merit reflection, only that we feel this is not the time or the place to do it. 
Gomez , despondent , sinks into depression and lethargy .	Gomez , despondent , sinks into and depression lethargy .
They drop by her home using the pretext they were nearby on a pizza delivery and decided to bring her over some extra pizzas .	They drop by her home using the pretext they were nearby a pizza delivery and decided to bring her over some extra pizzas . 
Mr President, honourable Members, newspaper headlines feature - with increasing frequency - the closure of undertakings to which financial aid had been granted by the European Union.	Mr President, honourable Members, newspaper headlines feature - with increasing - the closure of undertakings to which financial aid had been granted by the European Union. 
Trade in services also means a knowledge transfer between countries and citizens.	Trade in and also means a knowledge transfer between countries services citizens.
For Matthew , by contrast , it is love at first sight .	For Matthew , by contrast , it is love at first . 
   . Madam President, I wish to thank Members for a fruitful debate.	   . Madam President, I wish to thank Members for a services, debate.
Jim suspects it is because he is an Indian .	Jim suspects it because he is an Indian . 
The decision as to when this subject is put on the agenda again is of course a matter for the Conference of Presidents and ultimately for the entire House.	The decision as to when this subject is put on the agenda again is of course a matter for the Conference of compromise and ultimately for the entire House.
In my assessment of the Green Paper, I have come to the same conclusion, which is why we worked on the amendments together in committee.	In my assessment of the Green Paper, I have come to the same conclusion, which is why we worked on tie amendments together in committee.
May I say, Mr President-in-Office, that I consider this to be a very wise move.	May I say, Mr President-in-Office, that I consider this to be very wise move. 
The duo barely manages to escape .	The barely duo manages to escape .
Neil later proposes to her , and they marry in an intimate ceremony aboard his sailboat .	Neil later proposes to her , abd they marry in an intimate ceremony aboard his sailboat .
We all know what the bottom line issues are.	We all know the bottom line issues are. 
The ninth was stolen and replaced with one that had been doctored with detergent , causing Frisco 's coma .	The ninth was stolen aud replaced with one that had been doctored with detergent , causing Frisco 's coma .
Nandagopal , an associate editor with Keralareshmi , one of the leading dailies , is aggressive and daring and enjoys a good reputation among the media circle .	Nandagopal , an associate editor with Keralareshmi , one of the leading dailies , is aggressive daring and enjoys a good reputation among the media circle . 
The second is that when a journalist asks him if a promulgated law should be applied, the answer is ‘yes’ in Brussels and ‘no’ in Paris.	The second is that when a journalist asks him if a promulgated law should be applied, the answer is ‘for’ in Brussels and ‘no’ in Paris.
This creates enormous tension between the two trends, of course, which leads to enormous inequality in the country.	This creates enormous tension between two trends, of course, which leads to enormous inequality in the country. 
While waiting for her execution , the Princess hears from a fellow inmate that in a small village not too far away lives a young woman called Daow who is her exact physical double .	While waiting for her execution , the Princess hears from a fellow inmate that in a small village not too far away lives a young woman called Daow who is her exact double . 
I should like to begin by supporting the entirely justified complaint we have just heard from the lips of Mrs McNally about the lack of any genuine willingness on the part of the Council, despite repeated efforts by this Parliament, and also by the Commission, to deal adequately with energy policy in the framework of the European Treaties.	I should like to begin by supporting the entirely justified complaint we have just heard from the lips of Mrs McNally about the lack of any genuine willingness on the part of the Council, despite repeated efforts by this Parliament, and also by the Commission, to deal adequately with energy poetry in the framework of the European Treaties.
Later that night , Tilly cries over her lost bear and her mother attempts to give her a toy rabbit for her to use as a sleeping comfort .	Later that night , Tilly cries her lost bear and her mother attempts to give her a toy rabbit for her to use as a sleeping comfort . 
While awaiting hanging , the political climate changes and he is released and meets Comrade Vir g who has lost all his former power and influence .	While awaiting the political hanging , climate changes and he is released and meets Comrade Vir g who has lost all his former power and influence .
He then makes his way onto an express bus and into the city alone .	He then makes his way onto an express bus and into city the alone .
The right to education and access to education are often empty words in developing countries.	The words to education and access to education are often empty right in developing countries.
We are talking about creating a common area of security, stability and peace, and that includes democracy, that includes respect for human rights, that includes freedom of the press.	We are talking about creating a common area of security, stability and peace, and that includes democracy, that includes respect for human that includes freedom of the press. 
There are many goals to be reached: restoring confidence, supporting growth and protecting employment.	There many goals to be reached: restoring confidence, supporting growth and protecting employment. 
He does not believe either of them .	He believe either does not of them .
The regions concerned will be able to replace unhealthy housing in socially excluded communities and develop global, integrated and lasting solutions to their housing problems.	The regions concerned will be able to replace unhealthy housing in socially excluded communities develop global, integrated and lasting solutions to their housing problems. 
Gordon , West and Rita arrive at the scene and find the dying McGrath , who then explains that Loveless was the man behind one a horrible war crime : a tank massacre of a settlement called New Liberty inhabited by freed slaves , including West 's family .	Gordon , West and Rita arrive at the scene and find the dying McGrath , who then explains that Loveless the was man behind one a horrible war crime : a tank massacre of a settlement called New Liberty inhabited by freed slaves , including West 's family .
Brahmanandam , Ali , Venu Madhav and Krishna Bhagavan , the victims of ruthless doctor become demons !!	Brahmanandam , Ali , Venu Mahdav and Krishna Bhagavan , the victims of ruthless doctor become demons !!
The Commission supports the various initiatives which the Member States have put forward for combating this terrible phenomenon, and has itself proposed three practical measures directly or indirectly related to the problem.	The Commission supports the various initiatives problem. the Member States have put forward for combating this terrible phenomenon, and has itself proposed three practical measures directly or indirectly related to the which
Legal assistance is also sought for job injuries, and other health and safety issues.	Legal assistance is also sought for job injuries, and and safety other health issues.
A noisy cat is preventing Betty Boop from getting any sleep at night .	A nosey cat is preventing Betty Boop from getting any sleep at night .
Other than in the most exceptional circumstances, eight hours on the road should be sufficient for slaughter and the recommendation in the report to promote the use of local slaughterhouses should make these circumstances less likely.	Other than in make most exceptional circumstances, eight hours on the road should be sufficient for slaughter and the recommendation in the report to promote the use of local slaughterhouses should the these circumstances less likely.
The guitarist , Russell Hammond , takes a liking to William .	The guitarist , Russell Hammond , tonks a liking to William .
We are pleased that Mrs Paliadeli has given her support to the proposal and I hope, of course, that Parliament as a whole will support it too.	We are pleased that Mrs Paliadeli has given her support to the proposal and I hope, of course, that Parliament as a whole will it support too.
His memories are refreshed again and with the emotional request he tells Dr. Mathur that this piano is very significant to him and asks for it .	His memories refreshed again and with the emotional request he tells Dr. Mathur that this piano is very significant to him and asks for it . 
uh you know and i think uh i think rewards for a job well done are are are necessary and i i think that we i guess we have a tendency to as you know as managers of companies or owners of companies they have a tendency to try to get as much out of the employee as they can and not give as much as they can	uh you know and i think uh i think rewards for a job well done are are are necessary and i i think that we i guess we have a tendency to as you know as managers of owners of companies or companies they have a tendency to try to get as much out of the employee as they can and not give as much as they can
Elsewhere, in sectors not covered by specific Community legislation, Member States and their constituted authorities have the main role to play, for instance in the organisation and provision of local and social services.	Elsewhere, in sectors not covered by specific Certainty legislation, Member States and their constituted authorities have the main role to play, for instance in the organisation and provision of local and social services.
In the approach to this issue, underlying political issues keep coming to the surface, resulting in issues that are – or can be – politically different being lumped together.	In the approach to this irons, underlying political issues keep coming to the surface, resulting in issues that are – or can be – politically different being lumped together.
In order to boost the numbers in 2004, the elections must in any case become a great deal more exciting and more political.	In order to boost the numbers in 2004, elections must in any case become a great deal more exciting and more political. 
Hugo asks Erica for the engagement ring back so he can buy an artificial arm to replace the one he lost in the war .	Hugo asks Erica for the engagement ring back so he can buy an artificial arm to replace the one he lost in tte war .
Nicole becomes Martin 's only friend , and he is so thankful that he gives his raven to her as a gift .	Nicole becomes Martin 's only friend , and he is so thankful that he gives hos raven to her as a gift .
After a game of ball and jump rope , Bonnie and Johnny introduce Casper to their mother who screams and tells Casper to leave .	After a game of ball and jump rope , Bonnie and Johnny introduce Casper to their mother who screams and tells Casper to litte .
Schools and colleges became established.	Schools and colleges bridge established.
I now ask that we remember the victims of terrorism.	I now ask that we remember the victims of problem
A fourth character , Betty , is then briefly introduced as she discovers , to her disappointment , that Rob s grave has already been robbed .	A fourth character Betty , is then briefly introduced as she discovers , to her disappointment , that Rob s grave has already been robbed . 
Doha's very remoteness brought about a compromise anyway, one that was signed by all 142 members.	Doha's very remoteness brought a compromise anyway, one that was signed by all 142 members. 
To allow the international community to be involved in this phase, the crucial factor is information, and this is why the state of emergency must not be a form of veiled censorship.	To allow the international community to involved in this phase, the crucial factor is information, and this is why the state of emergency must not be a form of veiled censorship. 
As his eldest son sleeps with his pretty young wife and his daughter seeks out her favorite hairy-chested servant for comfort , Lord Whitman begins mumbling that he wants to `` clean up '' the witches in the area , especially `` that decrepit old bag , Oona . ''	As his eldest son sleeps with his pretty young wife and his daughter seeks out her fearsome hairy-chested servant for comfort , Lord Whitman begins mumbling that he wants to `` clean up '' the witches in the area , especially `` that decrepit old bag , Oona . ''
Snehalata swears revenge and sends Ganesh to seduce Indrasen 's niece .	Snehalata swears revenge and Ganesh to seduce Indrasen 's niece . 
It is tragic to think that there are still people in the European Union today who are helpless in the face of the sectarian violence of a few others and who are having to pay an extremely high price for remaining true to their beliefs in the face of terrorist blackmail.	It is tragic to think that there are still people in the European Union today who are helpless in the face of the sectarian violence of a few others and who are having to pay an extremely high price for remaining true to their budgets in the face of terrorist blackmail.
In Snip's offer, 10 percent of $5 million ($500,000) plus 89 percent of $1 million ($890,000) equals $1.	In Snip's offer, 10 percent of $5 million ($500,000) plus 89 predict of $1 million ($890,000) equals $1.
Norman confronts his mother and urges her to hide in the cellar so no one could find her .	Norman confronts his mother and urges her to huge in the cellar so no one could find her .
A few nights later , he tries again , but falls into a pit and breaks his ankle .	A few nights later , he tries again , but a pit falls into and breaks his ankle .
I congratulate both colleagues, and look forward to the time when, with these reports as a solid support at the end of our mandate, we will be able to promote human rights within the European Union as well as outside.	I congratulate both colleagues, aid look forward to the time when, with these reports as a solid support at the end of our mandate, we will be able to promote human rights within the European Union as well as outside.
Anna attempts to drink Lucy 's blood but Lucy pushes her off .	Anna attempts drink to Lucy 's blood but Lucy pushes her off .
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as far as the common fisheries policy is concerned, we have been advocating vigilance and practical measures, stock management and the preservation of the marine environment for several years now.	Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and as far as the common fisheries policy is concerned, we have been advocating vigilance and practical measures, stock management and the preservation of the marine environment for several years now. 
Greece will, of course, go on benefiting from cohesion funds as it is one of the countries benefiting from those cohesion funds, and this is separate from the European Union 2020 Strategy.	Greece will, of course, go cohesion benefiting from on funds as it is one of the countries benefiting from those cohesion funds, and this is separate from the European Union 2020 Strategy.
I should like to begin by congratulating him, since I believe that he has drawn up a considered, objective and unbiased report on the very important subject of the implementation of the Structural Funds in 1994.	I should like to begin by congratulating him, since I bandage that he has drawn up a considered, objective and unbiased report on the very important subject of the implementation of the Structural Funds in 1994.
He must sense the colt's terror of the rope, his horror of the strange human smell the man odor which was so frightening that a blanket hung up at a water hole could keep wild horses away from the liquid they craved.	He must sense the colt's terror of the rope, his horror of the strange human smell toe man odor which was so frightening that a blanket hung up at a water hole could keep wild horses away from the liquid they craved.
Identification plates transfer from other to another soldier , and at the end of the film it turns out that the original Josef was Josip Broz , and that the final impostor would one day become Tito , the President of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .	Identification plates transfer from other to another soldier , and at the end of the film it texts out that the original Josef was Josip Broz , and that the final impostor would one day become Tito , the President of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Mr Monti has just arrived.	Mr Monti just arrived. 
A priori, population density should have an important effect on rural delivery cost.	A priori, population density should hide an important effect on rural delivery cost.
Carmen is then possessed by a demon while she is alone in the room and lets out a very loud shriek .	Carmen is possessed by a demon while she is alone in the room and lets out a very loud shriek . 
So there is no contradiction between voluntary codes of conduct and codes with a legal basis; instead they should be complementary.	So there is no contradiction between voluntary codes of and codes with a legal basis; instead they should be complementary. 
Jin then leaves , telling Xiaoyu that he awaits a future challenge .	Jin leaves then , telling Xiaoyu that he awaits a future challenge .
The second legal problem relates to reciprocity.	The problem relates second legal to reciprocity.
Developments over the past few days show that it is not as easy as you might think.	Developments over the past few show that it is not as easy as you might think. 
In the future, European agriculture will have to be competitive in order to hold its own against international competition.	In the future, European agriculture will have to be competitive order to hold its own against international competition. 
Credibility has a great deal to do with the purposes to which available tax revenue is put, and people can see this most clearly in the amounts spent on administrative bodies.	Credibility has tax great deal to do with the purposes to which available a revenue is put, and people can see this most clearly in the amounts spent on administrative bodies.
The Czech people signalled in an appropriate way its support for a more political and social, more efficient and more democratic Europe.	The Czech people signalled in an appropriate way its support for a more political and social, more efficient and more democratic Eruope.
But I do not want a market where competition rules supreme.	But I do not want  amarket where competition rules supreme.
So, it is far from plain sailing for the moment.	So, from is far it plain sailing for the moment.
He soon falls under her spell and marries her .	He falls under her spell and marries her . 
When Milo is playing inside a box floating in the river , he accidentally drifts downstream .	When Mado is playing inside a box floating in the river , he accidentally drifts downstream .
Today this village is dying from a cancer caused by the proliferation of dead cells that are the holiday homes and the gradual disappearance of all those activities that used to enable it to live for more than just the six summer weeks.	Today this village is dying from a cancer caused by the proliferation of dead cells that are the holiday homes and the gradual disappearance of all those activities that used to enable it to live for more than just six the summer weeks.
We still have much to do in that area.	We still have mich to do in that area.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy, which unanimously adopted my opinion on this report on 27 October 1998, considers that nuclear safety is a crucial element of the pre-accession strategy.	The Committee Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy, which unanimously adopted my opinion on this report on 27 October 1998, considers that nuclear safety is a crucial element of the pre-accession strategy. 
Huey Walker , a hippie and a former New Left radical who has been on the run from the law for 20 years for something he did not do , disconnecting Spiro Agnew 's train car in Spokane , Washington .	Huey Walker , a hippie and a former New Left radical who has been on the run from the law for 20 years for something he did not , disconnecting Spiro Agnew 's train car in Spokane , Washington . 
There is no switch that we can flick, not in Brussels nor in Bali nor in Poland in December; instead we have a whole host of measures.	There is no switch that we can flick, not in Brussels nor in Bali nor in Poland in December; have a instead we whole host of measures.
Looking ahead, it seems to me that we now have to implement this resolution on the proper implementation of the budget.	Looking ahead, it seems to that we now have to implement this resolution on the proper implementation of the budget. 
Madam President, the positive results of the G8 must bind our governments to respecting the agreements established on combating poverty and regulating globalisation; we must not see, as we have in the past, the commitments made not being respected or being excessively delayed.	Madam President, the positive results of the G8 must bind our governments to agreements established respecting the on combating poverty and regulating globalisation; we must not see, as we have in the past, the commitments made not being respected or being excessively delayed.
In Saigon , Tuan learns of their trip after Cronauer fails to show up for English class , steals a van and drives off after them .	In Saigon , Tuan learns of their trip off Cronauer fails to show up for English class , steals a van and drives after after them .
Whilst there is not an adequate and consistent level of protection in all 27 Member States, in my view Dublin II is not much more than a political fiction and it creates gross injustice.	Whilst there is not an adequate and consistent level of protection all 27 Member States, in my view Dublin II is not much more than a political fiction and it creates gross injustice. 
Franca accuses him of having an affair , and Pierre walks out of their apartment and spends the night sleeping in his office .	Franca annexes him of having an affair , and Pierre walks out of their apartment and spends the night sleeping in his office .
Is this harsh criticism levelled by Turkey at Europe justified?	Is this harsh criticism levelled by Thirty at Europe justified?
They find a mirror in a shrine and awaken Kaguya , Princess of the Heavens .	They find a mirror in a shrine and awaken Kaguya , Princess of toe Heavens .
An accountable Parliament inspiring public confidence drafts its budget with reference to real costs, not percentages.	An accountable Parliament inspiring public drafts its budget with reference to real costs, not percentages. 
We need to ask ourselves why they make these comments.	We need to ask ourselves why tidy make these comments.
i really and truly did i mean i have absolutely no problems with them winning seven Oscars none at all normally i'm one of these people that i don't like one one movie taking all the honors i wanted him to win best	i really and truly di di mean i have absolutely no problems with them winning seven Oscars none at all normally i'm one of these people that i don't like one one movie taking all the honors i wanted him to win best
I welcome the work that is being done on combating racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism.	I welcome the work that is being done on combating racism, xenophilia and anti-Semitism.
But, since then I am OK, quite fit!	then I But, since am OK, quite fit!
(SL) The answer to the first part of Mr Aylward's question is certainly yes.	(SL) The answer to the first part of Mr Aylward's question is yes. 
Since meteorites are not subject to the same problem , the scientists want to recover some meteors before they enter the atmosphere , to find out how the `` outer shell '' protects them .	Since meteorites are not subject to the same problem , the scientists want to recover some meteors before they enter tie atmosphere , to find out how the `` outer shell '' protects them .
Annie and Oakley are sent to jail , where they examine the possessions of Lawrence III .	Annie and Oakley are sent to jail , where they exchage the possessions of Lawrence III .
Mr President, as regards the first request by the Council for the opinion of Parliament regarding the UN Security Council's freezing of funds, I would like to inform Parliament that the Commission will give its full attention to the amendments proposed by Parliament and promote their adoption by the Council where the EU Treaty, the UN Charter and the urgency of the matter so allow.	Mr President, as regards the first request by the Council for the opinion of Parliament regarding the UN Security Council's freezing of funds, I would like to inform Parliament that the Commission will give its feel attention to the amendments proposed by Parliament and promote their adoption by the Council where the EU Treaty, the UN Charter and the urgency of the matter so allow.
However , Donna experiences heartburn and takes one last pregnancy test and finds out that against all odds she is pregnant .	However , Donna experiences heartburn and takes one last pregnancy test abd finds out that against all odds she is pregnant .
Neither, ladies and gentlemen, should they have a cheque book.	Neither, ladies and gentlemen, should they have cheque book. 
In conclusion, I would ask the Council, and the Commission too, to ensure that we cooperate closely with the OSCE.	In conclusion, I would ask the Council, and the Commission too, to that we cooperate closely with the OSCE. 
Later , Fox goes to a gay spa and talks to Max , who suggests investing in Eugen 's company .	Later , Fox goes to a gay spa and talks to Max , woo suggests investing in Eugen 's company .
You will agree that enough is enough.	You will agree enough is enough. 
Batou believes that either Koshiki uploaded his consciousness onto the Noble Rot network or their collective consciousness controlled his cyber body after his death , leaving the Puppeteer 's identity a mystery .	Batou his that either Koshiki uploaded his consciousness onto the Noble Rot network or their collective consciousness controlled believes cyber body after his death , leaving the Puppeteer 's identity a mystery .
Marcel , age 10 , is the youngest .	Marcel , age 10 , is youngest . 
The dead drag the `` new arrival '' away for punishment .	The dead drag the `` new arrival '' punishment . away for
In addition, the proposed legal basis refers to environmental protection and public health, whereas civil protection actions also need to cover the protection of people and property, including the cultural heritage.	In addition, the proposed legal basis refers to environmental protection and public health, whereas civil protection actions to cover also need the protection of people and property, including the cultural heritage.
The film follows with the journey of the biggest Southeast Asian rock music band Junoon and regarding music in Islam .	The film follows with the juorney of the biggest Southeast Asian rock music band Junoon and regarding music in Islam .
The completion of the single market depends on this reform and on a range of changes to customs policy and, I would add, to the policy on duties.	The completion of the supple market depends on this reform and on a range of changes to customs policy and, I would add, to the policy on duties.
Tom grabs a bottle to trap the mice in as they emerge , but picks it up too soon and collects only Jerry in the bottle .	Tom grabs a bottle to trap the mice in as they emerge , picks it up too soon and collects only Jerry in the bottle . 
I therefore want to make myself very clear.	I therefore want to make meself very clear.
While out taking photographs of the houses in this sleepy town , Jack comes upon Kathleen hanging out her laundry and playing with her dog .	While out taking photographs of the hippos in this sleepy town , Jack comes upon Kathleen hanging out her laundry and playing with her dog .
And if we look at paragraph 3 of the resolution, we see that the Commission has failed in not even being able to provide detailed statistics on cosmetic testing in the Union.	And if we look paragraph 3 of the resolution, we see that the Commission has failed in not even being able to provide detailed statistics on cosmetic testing in the Union. 
He advises Raju to go into Rajesh 's house as a family friend , and that he should get to know the entire family .	He advises Raju to go into Rajesh 's house a family friend , and that he should get to know the entire family . 
She sits by the swimming pool in the middle of the night talking to herself and finds the house pretentious .	She sits by the swimming pool in the middle the night talking to herself and finds the house pretentious . 
This is no reflection on the Chair or the Commissioner. Perhaps the Commissioner would give a number of us who have had questions tabled this evening the opportunity to meet him during the next week or so.	This is no reflection on the binding or the Commissioner. Perhaps the Commissioner would give a number of us who have had questions tabled this evening the opportunity to meet him during the next week or so.
Although Valerius appears loyal , he secretly harbors resentment against the tyrant , but is careful not to reveal it .	Although Valerius appears loyal , he secretly harbors resentment against the tyrant , but is careful not reveal it . 
She came back home and told her grandfather .	She came back home and told her . 
We will then assess what needs to be done.	We will then assess what nests to be done.
She invites him on a trip to New York , but when Cory tries to raise money at a poker game , a guest named Caldwell cleans him out .	She invites him on a trip to New York , but when Cory tries to raise money at a poker game , a guest named Caldwell cleans him . 
Mrs Cederschiöld has said that cooperation should not be centralized, but take place directly between the penal authorities. Then she proposes a multilingual glossary of various legal terms.	Mrs Cederschiöld has said that cooperation should not be centralized, but take place directly between the penal Then she proposes a multilingual glossary of various legal terms. 
The epilogue shows real footage of Amin , as well as figures such as the 300,000 that died under his regime , and tells of his eventual 2003 death while in exile in Saudi Arabia .	The epilogue shows real footage of Amin , as well as figures such as the 300,000 that died under his regime , and tells of his eventual 2003 death while in exile in Saudi Alvira .
What, in practical terms, does the Presidency intend to do for small and medium-sized enterprises?	What, in practical terms, does the Presidency intend to for small and medium-sized enterprises? 
The recommendation made in the motion for a resolution to spend 0.7% of industrialised countries' GDP for this purpose by 2015 can therefore be supported, but further measures are essential if the aid is to become effective.	The recommendation made in the motion for a resolution to spend 0.7% of industrialised countries' GDP for this purpose by 2015 can therefore be supported, but further measures essential if the aid is to become effective. 
Sexually explicit , Diana calls them `` victim poetry '' and calls Mickey a `` nympho '' .	Sexually explicit , Diana calls them `` victim '' and calls Mickey a `` nympho '' . 
A few days before Christmas , the Scots and French troops lead a combined assault on the German trenches in France .	A days before Christmas , the Scots and French troops lead a combined assault on the German trenches in France . 
How can we hope for developing countries to be the winners of this round if we do not change our policies?	How can we hope for developing countries be the winners of this round if we do not change our policies? 
Meanwhile , Gulliver 's wife Mary asks for the help of Dr. Bates , a member of the mental institution in London who appears to help Gulliver , but is actually plotting how to get rid of him .	Meanwhile , Gulliver 's wife Mary asks for the help of Dr. Bates , a member of the institution in London who appears to help Gulliver , but is actually plotting how to get rid of him . 
Despite the objections of his co-worker Thelma , John , who is smitten with her , chases after the car .	Despite the objections of his co-worker Thelma , John , who is smitten with her , after the car . 
The number of slaughterhouses has fallen drastically and the number of cattle transported has grown exponentially.	The number of slaughterhouses has drastically and the number of cattle transported has grown exponentially. 
The empty warehouse that he gives them for Georgia and Paul to freely decorate and furnish is a similarity .	The empty warehouse that he gives them for Georgia and Paul to freely downside and furnish is a similarity .
We must agree that the creation of the euro area is a success along the path towards deepening European integration.	We must agree that the creation the euro area is a success along the path towards deepening European integration. 
I wonder, ladies and gentlemen, whether the time has come, if such a case arises, for a State to be penalised for endangering the security of its neighbours by not applying common rules in the fight against terrorism.	I wonder, ladies and gentlemen, whether the time has come, if such a case arises, for a State to be penalised for endangering the security its neighbours by not applying common rules in the fight against terrorism. 
In 1938 , at Los Angeles , California , a rocket pack designed by Howard Hughes is stolen from his factory by members of mobster Eddie Valentine 's gang , hotly pursued by FBI agents to an airfield , where they are caught .	In 1938 , at Los Angeles , California , a rocket pack designed by Howard Hughes is stolen from his factory by members of mobster Eddie Valentine 's gang , hotly pursued by FBI agents to airfield , where they are caught . 
Bantu and Chantu are unemployed , and are not able to get any jobs due to lack of experience .	Bantu ahd Chantu are unemployed , and are not able to get any jobs due to lack of experience .
At the beginning of the story , Munna is in love with the voice of Janhavi , a radio jockey .	At the beginning of story , Munna is in love with the voice of Janhavi , a radio jockey . 
However, at the World Summit on Food Security held on 16 November in Rome, under the auspices of the Food and Agriculture Organisation, the situation was entirely different: snubbed by almost all of the G8 leaders, it did not end in the ratification of the measures previously anticipated.	However, at the World Summit on Food Security held on 16 November in Rome, under the auspices of the Fuad and Agriculture Organisation, the situation was entirely different: snubbed by almost all of the G8 leaders, it did not end in the ratification of the measures previously anticipated.
Matt 's girlfriend , though , is n't so lucky and Isaac orders Matt to kill her .	Matt 's girlfriend , though , is n't so lucky and Isaac orders Mait to kill her .
The documentary is divided into three distinct sections .	The documentary is divided info three distinct sections .
The cat says that he does ; and the worm shows him a plan of action : the bird chases the worm to his hole , the worm hides in it , then the cat will catch the bird and eat it .	The cat says that he does ; and the worm shows him a plan of action : the bird chases the worm to his hole , the worm ihdes in it , then the cat will catch the bird and eat it .
Finally, if we continue to reduce public deficit and dismantle public services to abide by the dogma of the Stability and Growth Pact, we will close down social services and hospitals.	Finally, if we creosote to reduce public deficit and dismantle public services to abide by the dogma of the Stability and Growth Pact, we will close down social services and hospitals.
If climate change gets worse, if the governments in the countries of origin become even more corrupt and remain corrupt, then we will have to expect an even greater influx.	If climate change gets worse, if the governments in the countries of origin become even more and remain corrupt, then we will have to expect an even greater influx. 
In this report the European Parliament has set out its position on reforming and financing the common agricultural policy after 2013.	In this report the European Parliament has set out its position on reforming and financing the common agricultural policy after kind
Doralee left Consolidated and became a country and western singer .	Doralee left Consolidated and a country and western singer . 
Finally, I think it is also particularly important to take account of the distinctive cultural and ethnic characteristics which often stand in the way of promoting equality between men and women.	Finally, I think it is also particularly important to take account of the distinctive cultural and ethnic characteristics which often stand in the way of promoting equality between men women. 
As the media siege continues to get more and more brutal , the five members and Dr. Plecki have no one to trust or confide in but themselves , knowing that if they are exposed , they will lose everything they feel they 've deserved .	As the media siege continues to get more and more brutal , the five members and Dr. have no one to trust or confide in but themselves , knowing that if they are exposed , they will lose everything they feel they 've deserved . 
The existing law on patents has nothing to do with this.	The existing low on patents has nothing to do with this.
However the body they escape from the morgue with isn t Taek-soo s but that of Ahn Jin-oh , a man who faked his death in order to hide from loan sharks .	However the body they escape from the morgue with isn t Taek-soo s but that of Ahn Jin-oh , a man who faked his death in order to hide from loan sidles .
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we in the ALDE Group backed the request from the leader of the Socialist Group to postpone the vote, in an attempt to reach a broader agreement on the text of the resolution.	on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we in the ALDE Group backed the request from the leader of the Socialist Group to last the vote, in an attempt to reach a broader agreement on the text of the resolution.
This has already occurred in family medicine, which is currently the medical service with the highest screening rate.	This has already occurred in family medicine, which is currently the medical service with the highest sickening rate.
Mr President, at its first reading, Parliament did nothing about this directive because it appeared to be a technical directive which presented no difficulties.	Mr President, at its first reading, Parliament did numbing about this directive because it appeared to be a technical directive which presented no difficulties.
Roger drives the car to a lake , where he dumps of Ove .	Roger drives the car to a lake , where he drugs of Ove .
The gang reside at the Happy Home Orphanage , an inaptly-named organization run by the nasty and dishonest Mr. -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Clarence Wilson and Mrs. Crutch .	The gang reside at the Happy Hyde Orphanage , an inaptly-named organization run by the nasty and dishonest Mr. -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Clarence Wilson and Mrs. Crutch .
It is technically possible to postpone this vote until April.	It is technically possible to postpone this vase until April.
At the same time, the new Odysseus programme will enable us to launch a programme of administrative cooperation between the Member States and we hope to launch the bases of what will be the creation of a common border police force, as mentioned by Mr Posselt.	At the same time, the new Opt-outs programme will enable us to launch a programme of administrative cooperation between the Member States and we hope to launch the bases of what will be the creation of a common border police force, as mentioned by Mr Posselt.
When he arrives at Jill 's house , there is a massive crowd .	When he arrives at Jill 's house , there is a mountie crowd .
However, Colonel Gaddafi and his regime are not concerned with saving lives or protecting people.	However, young Gaddafi and his regime are not concerned with saving lives or protecting people.
I want to validate the notion of necessary statistical instruments even if I reject the policies that they may serve.	I want to validate the notion of necessary statistical instruments earn if I reject the policies that they may serve.
I warn against doing likewise, for that will do nothing to establish either democracy or lasting stability, or even to combat international terrorism.	I warn against doing likewise, for that will do nothing to either establish democracy or lasting stability, or even to combat international terrorism.
We voted to abstain on this resolution, as although we support many of the points contained within, we could not support a call within the resolution for there to be a single UN Security Council for the European Union.	We voted to abstain on this resolution, as although we support many of the points contained within, we could not support a call within the there to resolution for be a single UN Security Council for the European Union.
There are many viable businesses which, before the credit crisis, would be making fantastic profits.	many viable There are businesses which, before the credit crisis, would be making fantastic profits.
Nelson struggles to fend him off and David arrives on the scene just in time to end the hallucination and prevent serious injury to Nelson .	Nelson struggles to fond him off and David arrives on the scene just in time to end the hallucination and prevent serious injury to Nelson .
Mr. Pahmeyer calls back that he is sorry about killing Emile , that he never intended to do that .	Mr. Pahmeyer calls back that is sorry about killing Emile , that he never intended to do that . 
I call on the Commission to do everything within its power to combat the problem of poverty and unemployment in this area.	I call on the Commission to do everything within its power to combat the problem of and unemployment in this area. 
This report, like those concerning the rules applied to tractors, is aimed at undertaking the codification of Directive 80/720/EEC of 24 June 1980, which concerns the harmonisation of Member State legislation on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.	This report, like those concerning the rules applied to tractors, is aimed at undertaking the codification of Directive 80/720/EEC of 24 June 1980, which concerns the harmonisation of Member State legislation on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of agricultural wheeled or forestry tractors.
Ashok takes him to Uma 's house , where Uma recognize the man as Bijay .	Ashok takes him to Uma 's , where Uma recognize the man as Bijay . 
What would then happen is that the European Union would claim to have reduced its pollution, reduced its emissions, but at a cost: firstly European jobs would be lost and secondly the world would not have reduced its pollution levels by one iota: the pollution would simply have been exported.	What would then happen is that the European Union would claim to have reduced its pollution, reduced its emissions, but at a firstly European jobs would be lost and secondly the world would not have reduced its pollution levels by one iota: the pollution would simply have been exported. 
While sunbathing , Martha asks Lucy how far they currently are from where Lucy picked her up , to which Lucy replies `` About three hours . ''	While sunbathing , Martha asks Lucy how far they currently are from where Lucy picked her , up to which Lucy replies `` About three hours . ''
Amanda discovered Becca was still competing when Becca 's sister accidentally let it slip .	Amanda discovered Becca was still competing when Becca 's sister accidentally it slip . 
(FR) Mr President, I think I have covered most of the questions put, but it goes without saying that I remain at Parliament's disposal.	(FR) Mr President, I think that have covered most of the questions put, but it goes without saying I I remain at Parliament's disposal.
Bilateral agreements with Mercosur, including agriculture re-importation, could undermine the capacity for European farmers to trade at a fair market price.	Bilateral agreements with Miguelez, including agriculture re-importation, could undermine the capacity for European farmers to trade at a fair market price.
It is because of his hidden affection for Chiharu that Yasubei attempts to align himself with the Uesagi clan .	It is because of his hidden affection for Chiharu that Yasubei attempts to align himself with the is clan .
Dende , who is now the Earth 's guardian , senses the plight of his people and calls Goku to ask for help .	Dende , who is now the Earth 's guardian , senses the plight of his people and calls Goku to ask for hemp .
We have done so because we disagree with the model and methodology proposed by the co-rapporteurs, which we believe is unsustainable in the long term.	We have done so because we disagree with the model and methodology proposed by the co-rapporteurs, which believe we is unsustainable in the long term.
I am not going to list every institution that is based in the territories of the fifteen old Member States.	I am not going to list every institution is based in the territories of the fifteen old Member States. 
It is unfortunately my impression that most evaluations are simply binned.	It is my impression that most evaluations are simply binned. 
In this context, new Member States, which are much more vulnerable to external disruptions to their energy supply, need the support of the European Union to tackle these challenges.	In this context, new Member States, which are much more vulnerable to disruptions to their energy supply, need the support of the European Union to tackle these challenges. 
One night Miss Giddens finds Flora at a window , watching Miles , who is walking in the garden .	One night Miss Giddens finds Flora . a window , watching Miles , who is walking in the garden at
Donna hurries to save Joel , and finds a terrified Marcella at the mansion along with the witchcraft blade cut through a photo of her .	Donna hurries to save Joel , and finds a terrified Marcella at the mansion along with the blade cut through a photo of her . 
Suspicion falls on Nicholas Sokim , as he has a criminal record , but he claims to have been out of the drug business for many years .	Suspicion falls on Nicholas Sokim , he as has a criminal record , but he claims to have been out of the drug business for many years .
So therefore, without neglecting or denying the importance of this topic, it is much better to allow this process to continue and reach its end in such a way as to have a wide-ranging debate which will lend credibility to our decision.	So therefore, without neglecting or denying the importance of this topic, it is much better to allow this process to continue and reach its end in such a way as to have a wide-ranging debate which will lend credibility to oor decision.
After `` Flipper '' recovers from the wound , the dolphin puts on a show to entertain the neighborhood children .	After `` Flipper '' recovers from tie wound , the dolphin puts on a show to entertain the neighborhood children .
If we continue that process the world will become much more secure because every issue and every crisis will be divisive as we try to gather around separate poles.	If we continue that process the world will become much more secure because every issue and every crisis will be divisive as we to try gather around separate poles.
They are used in education, administration, health care, the media, and in lifelong learning.	They are used in education, health administration, care, the media, and in lifelong learning.
it's something that's taught it's something on the streets that you see so if it's a dog eat dog world it it's just really too bad that we have to have something like capital punishment	it's something that's taught it's something on the streets to you see so if it's a dog eat dog world it it's just really too bad that we have that have something like capital punishment
I would like to present briefly the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, and I do not want to devote myself to long explanations about why small and medium-sized enterprises are the economic backbone of European society.	I would to to present briefly the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, and I do not want to devote myself like long explanations about why small and medium-sized enterprises are the economic backbone of European society.
I would like to emphasise once again that Parliament is not going beyond the terms of the Treaty of Lisbon.	I would like to emphasise once that Parliament is not going beyond the terms of the Treaty of Lisbon. 
yeah it does and and then uh you know my husband enjoys spending time with the kids you know he'll he'll take them out just to be with them so he they can have time with him and	yeah it does and and then uh you know my husband enjoys spending time with the kids you know he'll he'll take them out just to be with them so he they can have time him and 
Let us increase transparency and make Plan D more specific.	Let us increase transparency an dmake Plan D more specific.
We find it hard to believe that these proposals in themselves would increase mobility for students; they are more likely to increase the bureaucracy associated with student activity.	We find it hard to believe that these proposals in themselves would increase mobility for students; more likely they are to increase the bureaucracy associated with student activity.
A battle ensues and she comes out victorious , killing the escaped prisoner with his own hook .	A battle ensues and she comes out victorious , killing the emerged prisoner with his own hook .
Ives taunts Boyd by telling him he 'll eat him as soon as he dies , but Ives expires first .	Ives taunts Boyd by telling him he 'll est him as soon as he dies , but Ives expires first .
There were seven planets and the sun, and three thousand fixed stars.	Tribe were seven planets and the sun, and three thousand fixed stars.
With a proud octagonal tower that rises out of the top of the structure, it was built to mark the passage of the Emperor Humayun after his defeat in the 1540s.	With a proud octagonal tower that rises out of the top of the structure, it was built to mark the passage of the Earlier Humayun after his defeat in the 1540s.
She can do it fast enough to show a fighter what his opponent is about to do.	She can do fast enough to show a fighter what his opponent is about to do. 
All of the islands accept American or Canadian dollars about as readily as French francs.	All of the islands accept American or about as Canadian dollars readily as French francs.
William has recently mortgaged his home and life savings to buy a copper mine ; he is counting on a $ 1-million investment from Bradford to save his business and house .	William has recently massacred his home and life savings to buy a copper mine ; he is counting on a $ 1-million investment from Bradford to save his business and house .
He asks her to meet her at a restaurant the next day .	He her to meet her at a restaurant the next day . 
After his own Las Vegas comedy act flops , Tommy returns to Blackpool , England , where he spent the summers of his childhood .	After his own Las comedy act flops , Tommy returns to Blackpool , England , where he spent the summers of his childhood . 
And not just phone and address data.	And not just phone aid address data.
A gilded Garuda, in his usual namaste pose, kneels on a pillar before the temple.	A gilded Garuda, in his usual namaste pose, kneels on a before pillar the temple.
The moment has come to either knock down these artificial walls or give them our seal of approval, which would be greeted by applause by the trade unionists.	The moment has come to either knock down tante artificial walls or give them our seal of approval, which would be greeted by applause by the trade unionists.
you're absolutely right you don't know how to dress you go out in the morning with real heavy clothes on because it's real cold and by noontime you're taking everything off you know to to go walk around the site and stuff	you're absolutely right you don't know how to dress you go out in the morning with real heavy clothes on because it's real cold and by noontime you're taking everything off you know to to go walk around the sire and stuff
Local storekeeper Thomason is a witness to Larry and Verna driving away together , the last time she was seen .	Local storekeeper Thomason is a witness to Larry and Verna driving away toreador , the last time she was seen .
I began backing toward the door.	I began go toward the door.
Young and pure, it can still aspire to moral clarity.	Young and pure, it can still aspire to moral cooler).
The comment I would like to make is of a more general nature, as both Terry Wynn’s report on the financial outlook and also the report before us now speak of the Lisbon process, the need to achieve greater economic growth.	The comment I would like to make is of a more general nature, as both Terry Wynn’s report on hte financial outlook and also the report before us now speak of the Lisbon process, the need to achieve greater economic growth.
He had scrambled upright.	He scrambled upright. 
Once again Saya came to her rescue and had to fight off hordes of vampires surrounding them .	Once again Saya came to her rescue and had to fight off hordes of vampires surrounding tham .
New businesses spring up almost immediately, built into the plan and ready to serve an already-waiting group of customers.	New businesses spring up almost immediately, built into the plan and ready to serve an and group of customers.
So there are regular meetings being held on a biennial basis.	So there are regular mustards being held on a biennial basis.
Paul 's squad is attacked in a French Town close to the front , where one of his friends dies and another is severely wounded .	Paul 's squad is attacked in French Town close to the front , where one of his friends dies and another is severely wounded . 
People still find it easier to identify with their own country and their own region, but they are understanding more and more, and they see every day that there are so many things that go beyond what their own country can do.	People still easier to find it identify with their own country and their own region, but they are understanding more and more, and they see every day that there are so many things that go beyond what their own country can do.
After being interviewed by authorities , Manolo and his crew return to Cepeda 's home in search of him only to find that he left his pregnant wife alone at their house and took their son to school before leaving the area .	After being interviewed by authorities , Manolo and his crew return to eventually 's home in search of him only to find that he left his pregnant wife alone at their house and took their son to school before leaving the area .
After all, liberal professions, with their particular importance, quite simply cannot be compared with the supermarket round the corner in terms of competition policy and competition law.	After all, liberal professions, with their particular importance, quite simply cannot be compared with the supermarket round the corner in terms of competition policy an dcompetition law.
As he gets better , he steals his step father 's service revolver , and flees to the city with Latif .	As he gets better , he steals his step father 's service revolver , and flees to the city with including .
Charlie begins to make a large profit using Anne-Marie , who eventually attempts to leave when she realizes Charlie was using her in the same way that Carface was , but Charlie convinces Anne-Marie to stay by his side by promising to give to the poor , resulting in Charlie purchasing Pizza and Cake for an Orphanage of abandoned puppies .	Charlie begins to make a large profit using Anne-Marie , who eventually attempts to leave when she realizes Charlie was using her in the same way that Carface was , but Charlie convinces Anne-Marie to stay by his side promising to give to the poor , resulting in Charlie purchasing Pizza and Cake for an Orphanage of abandoned puppies . 
After some witty observations on the glamour of the Broadway scene the film tells the story of `` The Girl '' and `` The Boy '' , she a chorus line girl and he a writer .	After some witty observations on the glamour of the Broadway scene the film tilts the story of `` The Girl '' and `` The Boy '' , she a chorus line girl and he a writer .
and they've got a real nice building down there on a great big piece of land and it's a huge plant i mean this thing's just enormous and that's what they do at lunch time they go out and run around the building	and they've got a real nice building down there on a great big piece of land and it's a huge plant i mean this thing's just enormous and that's they do at lunch time they go out and run around the building 
Pe aranda denies had money and tries to call his wife secretly to give the stolen money as this and their daughter would live in America .	Pe aranda denies had money and tries to call his wife secretly to give the stolen money as this and their daughter would live in Alverna .
This must also be the basis on which we again strengthen our transatlantic ties, which bind us to the great democracy on the other side of the ocean, but these must be founded upon our own strength, on which any partnership must be dependent.	This must also be the basis on which we again strengthen our transatlantic ties, which bind us to the great democracy on the other side of the ocean, but these must be founded upon our own strength, on any partnership must be dependent. 
Jesse understands what it means and pets Willy one last time before giving him a signal to swim away .	Jesse understands what it means aid pets Willy one last time before giving him a signal to swim away .
Rosie , fed up with Albert and his mother , dances and flirts with a room full of men at a Shriners convention .	Rosie up with , fed Albert and his mother , dances and flirts with a room full of men at a Shriners convention .
Let us wait for the new proposals in the area of pharmacovigilance to prove their worth and let us maintain the option of carrying out a genuine scientific evaluation of a medicinal product, five years after it has been placed on the market, in the case of a new medicine.	Let us wait for the new proposals in the area of pharmacovigilance to prove their worth and let us maintain the option of carrying out a genuine scientific evaluation of a medicinal product, five years after it has been placed on the market, in the case of new medicine. 
She confronts Jack , but he refuses to discuss it .	She confronts Jack , . he refuses to discuss it but
We are grateful to Mr Valdivielso de Cué for the work carried out in this report.	We are grateful report. Mr Valdivielso de Cué for the work carried out in this to
On the 25th anniversary of Olwen 's death , Julia is listening to the broadcast when she hears a frantic knocking at the door and opens it to admit an unknown young woman , who immediately walks up to the piano and begins expertly playing along with the piece on the radio .	On the 25th anniversary of Olwen 's death , Julia is listening to the broadcast when she hears a frantic knocking at the door and opens it to admit an unknown young woman , who immediately walks up to the piano and expertly playing along with the piece on the radio . 
As indicated in the resolution, the price of fuel for fishermen has risen by more than 300% in the last five years and more than 38% since January, while prices have remained the same for 20 years, with decreases in some cases of up to 25% as a result of the massive entry of imports, which are often products of illegal fishing.	As indicated in the resolution, the price of fuel for fishermen has risen by more than 300% in the last five years and more than 38% since January, while prices have remained the same for 20 years, with decreases in some cases of 25% as up to a result of the massive entry of imports, which are often products of illegal fishing.
Naturally I have an interest.	Naturally have I an interest.
Accolon becomes like a son to her , and for the first time in her life , she feels like part of a family .	Alaskan becomes like a son to her , and for the first time in her life , she feels like part of a family .
(PT) Mr President, Mr Jouyet, Mr Barrot, ladies and gentlemen, unlike the previous speaker, I am clearly against Fortress Europe and therefore support active policies to admit economic migrants.	(PT) Mr President, Mr current Mr Barrot, ladies and gentlemen, unlike the previous speaker, I am clearly against Fortress Europe and therefore support active policies to admit economic migrants.
His assault earns him a placa , a tattoo as a token of his membership in the Vatos Locos mate street gang .	His assault earns him a placa , a tattoo as a token of his membership in the Vatos Locos mate street glig .
As we all know, the report was, of course, adopted by a very large majority of the committee.	As all know, the report was, of course, adopted by a very large majority of the committee. 
However, I am afraid it is an illusion to think that the whole of European farming can become organic.	However, I am afraid it is an illusion to think that the whole of European farming can beagle organic.
It's as if the poor will be victimized twice-once for being poor and again as victims of these funding cuts.	It's as if the poor will be victimized twice-once for being poor and again as victims of terse funding cuts.
The Lions are outraged and discouraged , until Lamont appears in the gym and encourages them to not lose faith .	The Lions are outraged and discouraged , until Lamont appears the gym and encourages them to not lose faith . 
We need more sustainable living, not only because of the carbon challenge but also because of the concerns we all share about rising energy prices and energy security.	We need more sustainable legend, not only because of the carbon challenge but also because of the concerns we all share about rising energy prices and energy security.
Or are the responsibilities different?	Or the are responsibilities different?
Subsequently , threatening again toward the guards and police to kill her , he forces his way out of prison with her , to have a coffee together in a cafetaria .	Subsequently , threatening again toward the guards and police to kill her , he forces his way out of prison with her , to have a coffee together in a city .
Aaron and Michelle are finally alone and going to try to have a baby .	Aaron aid Michelle are finally alone and going to try to have a baby .
For reactionary nobles, the king was the guarantor of their hereditary status.	For reactionary nobles, the king was the good--for of their hereditary status.
In effect, these new European measures will not only increase European bureaucracy and burdens, but will also be a real threat to other fundamental freedoms and rights including, in particular, freedom of worship, of association and of expression, and freedom of the press.	In effect, these new European measures will not only increase European bureaucracy and burdens, but will be a real threat to other fundamental freedoms and rights including, in particular, freedom of worship, of association and of expression, and freedom of the press. 
When he slowly goes to investigate , a bear comes out from an adjacent room and runs away .	When he slowly goes to investigate , bear comes out from an adjacent room and runs away . 
She wants something better for her daughter , Jane .	She wants something better for her daughter Jane . 
it was so many of them in it that at any particular chance your chance of having to do something was very slim it was very slim and so	it was so many of them in it that at any particular chance your chance of having to do something was vary slim it was very slim and so
But when the English revolutionaries beheaded Charles I in 1649, the Scots rallied round his son, Charles II.	the English But when revolutionaries beheaded Charles I in 1649, the Scots rallied round his son, Charles II.
China, which is playing a more and more important role, not only in world trade but also in world politics, cannot afford to be labelled as the main source, as the main country of origin of those fake products that endanger the safety, the health and even the life of the citizens of other countries.	China, which is playing a more and more important role, not only in world trade but also in world politics, cannot afford to be labelled as the main source, as the main country of orphan of those fake products that endanger the safety, the health and even the life of the citizens of other countries.
As for my British counterparts, I can no longer show them any respect because they surreptitiously tried to cancel all debates this evening within my own group.	As for my British counterparts, I can no longer slow them any respect because they surreptitiously tried to cancel all debates this evening within my own group.
Besides, they are often the same: a good many capitalists, who are profiting from investing in private television, in the cinema or in publishing, profit the most from public works, the monopoly of water distribution, even from manufacturing weapons.	Besides, they are often the same: a good many more who are profiting from investing in private television, in the cinema or in publishing, profit the most from public works, the monopoly of water distribution, even from manufacturing weapons.
The assassins hold out until their ammunition runs low and most of them have been killed .	The assassins hold out until their ammunition runs low of them and most have been killed .
Attack them? thought the Industrialist, and said it aloud in his concentration.	them? Attack thought the Industrialist, and said it aloud in his concentration.
We defined the exceptions from the scope of this directive very clearly in Article 2, so that no guidelines are needed on that.	We defined the eco-points from the scope of this directive very clearly in Article 2, so that no guidelines are needed on that.
Woody and Winnie make it to the sock hop , where they hear a singer sing .	Woody and Winnie make it to the sick hop , where they hear a singer sing .
I have to ask the Commissioner if he does not regard the Commission as another body?	I have to ask the Commissioner if he does nto regard the Commission as another body?
The story begins in Delhi .	The story begins in . 
6 million, while winning only a single tournament.	6 million, while winning only a single tournmaent.
The Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services has certified under section 605 of the Act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.	The Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services has certified 605 of under section the Act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
We also consider that it is important that Libya should adhere as soon as possible to the 1951 Geneva Convention and its 1967 Protocol on the status of refugees.	We anno consider that it is important that Libya should adhere as soon as possible to the 1951 Geneva Convention and its 1967 Protocol on the status of refugees.
Mr President, I regret that the concept of social dialogue has been jettisoned by the Commission with this directive.	Mr President, I regret that the concept of social dialogue has been the Commission jettisoned by with this directive.
Photographs of Oher and the real Tuohys follow , with Oher 's success in the NFL detailed .	Photographs of Oher and th ereal Tuohys follow , with Oher 's success in the NFL detailed .
He understood that the mule and the two men would be stripped down and looted by the time they reached A'deem's shop.	He understood that the mule and the two men would be stripped down and looted by the time A'deem's shop. they reached
However , Dr. Abbott finds that Sykes has spitefully stipulated that only doctors who have had graduate studies within the last twenty years can register , and he is turned away .	However , Dr. Abbott finds that Sykes has spitefully stipulated that only doctors who have had graduate studies the within last twenty years can register , and he is turned away .
Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank you all most sincerely for having given me the great, but also difficult and responsible, task of presiding over the European Parliament.	Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank you all most sicnerely for having given me the great, but also difficult and responsible, task of presiding over the European Parliament.
Meanwhile , the expedition begins and while Dhuruvan is caught up in some procedures at the forest check post , the girls non-chanlantly try to drive the jeep and run it down the slope of a hill .	Meanwhile , the expedition begins and while Dhuruvan is caught up in some procedures at the forest check post , the non-chanlantly try to drive the jeep and run it down the slope of a hill . 
It takes a family crisis to bring Patti back home and force her to face the prickly past with her mother .	It takes a family crisis to bring Patti back and force her to face the prickly past with her mother . 
Each of the major functions (delivery, mail processing, transportation, and window service) is conducted using similar methods and technologies.	Each of the major functions (delivery, mall processing, transportation, and window service) is conducted using similar methods and technologies.
The movie has an uncredited remake in malayalam by name Kolilakkam during the climax of which happened the tragic end of Malayalam Superstar Jayan who was hanging to a Helicopter while performing a stunt .	The movie has an uncredited remake in malayalam by name Kolilakkam during the climax of which happened the tragic end of Malayalam Superstar Jayan who wis hanging to a Helicopter while performing a stunt .
To put it another way: what can the Commission realistically do to make all 6 billion people on this Earth use fewer resources, not in the future but right here and now?	To put it another peace what can the Commission realistically do to make all 6 billion people on this Earth use fewer resources, not in the future but right here and now?
National budgets need to reflect the Council's stated ambitions, and EU projects need budgets if they are ever to happen.	National budgets need to reflect the Council's stated ambitions, and EU projects need budgets if they are ever happen. 
So we should not only support the rule of law but, if asked, we should also be prepared to help them by assisting their security forces.	So we should not only the support rule of law but, if asked, we should also be prepared to help them by assisting their security forces.
snapshots, the area's other landmark cinemas deserve a peek as well.	snapshots, the area's other landmark cienmas deserve a peek as well.
Old Mr. Pal finds a renewed energy and interest in life .	Old Mr. finds a renewed energy and interest in life . 
Their weapons and armor, along with Pompeii's more fragile works of art, are exhibited at Naples' Archaeological Museum , which is an invaluable adjunct to your visit to Pompeii or Herculaneum.	Their weapons and armor, along with Penrose's more fragile works of art, are exhibited at Naples' Archaeological Museum , which is an invaluable adjunct to your visit to Pompeii or Herculaneum.
A few years prior , Lo had met Leung at an antique shop , where the old man had been attempting to sell some war notes .	old few years prior , Lo had met Leung at an antique shop , where the A man had been attempting to sell some war notes .
Grover says , `` Go answer the door , it might be Warner . ''	, `` Grover says Go answer the door , it might be Warner . ''
Undaunted , Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal 's carcass and the area where it became sick .	Undaunted , Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal 's carcass and the aura where it became sick .
Take an excursion east to the quiet medieval town of Albenga, with its Romanesque-Gothic houses around the 11th- to 14th-century cathedral and early Christian (fifth-century) baptistery.	Take an excursion east to the quiet medieval town of Albenga, with ifs Romanesque-Gothic houses around the 11th- to 14th-century cathedral and early Christian (fifth-century) baptistery.
Achieving the participation that we are hoping for will not be easy, but learning to participate and learning to provide information is the best approach to developing the awareness of active citizenship that not all adults are putting into practice.	Achieving the participation that we are hoping fer will not be easy, but learning to participate and learning to provide information is the best approach to developing the awareness of active citizenship that not all adults are putting into practice.
We also learn of a shocking secret about Tsunade ; She is the daughter of Orochimaru !	We also of a shocking secret about Tsunade ; She is the daughter of Orochimaru ! 
i thought it was the other way around they were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this so all the persecution that they're sort of use to it it's been sort of like you know	i thought it was the other way around they were always to meet in the catacombs and all this so all the persecution that they're sort of use to it it's been sort of like you know 
From this perspective, a harmonization of the essential elements of national electoral procedures - in the sense of the generalized use of proportional representation by constituency for the European elections -, combined with the introduction of a minimum threshold of representativeness - aimed at avoiding too much fragmentation of the political groupings - appears to be the best solution since the British government has put a bill to its parliament establishing proportional and regional voting for the 1999 European elections.	From this perspective, a harmonization of the essential elements of national electoral procedures - in the sense of the generalized use proportional representation by constituency for the European elections -, combined with the introduction of a minimum threshold of representativeness - aimed at avoiding too much fragmentation of the political groupings - appears to be the best solution since the British government has put a bill to its parliament establishing proportional and regional voting for the 1999 European elections. 
As regards the cost of motor vehicles, reference should be made to Regulation 1474/95/EEC which is a Commission Regulation laying down certain rules applicable to distribution contracts in the car sector. Its aim is to ensure a better balance in contractual relationships between manufacturers, dealers and final consumers.	As regards cost of motor vehicles, reference should be made to Regulation 1474/95/EEC which is a Commission Regulation laying down certain rules applicable to distribution contracts in the car sector. Its aim is to ensure a better balance in contractual relationships between manufacturers, dealers and final consumers. 
He soon discovers that she is a CRS employee and that her apartment has simply been staged to look like a real apartment .	He soon discovers that she is a CRS employee and that her apartment has simply been staged to a real look like apartment .
The best contribution that we can all make in the current circumstances of the breakdown in negotiations in Geneva is to be realistically positive and explain how big an opportunity we may miss if we fail altogether.	The best contribution that we can all make in the current circumstances the breakdown in negotiations in Geneva is to be realistically positive and explain how big an opportunity we may miss if we fail altogether. 
The film featured a creature , a male hominid around six feet tall from Jupiter 's 13th moon .	The film featured a creature , a male hominid around six feet tall from Jupiter 's 13th mein .
All commitments to the welfare state are in vain if there is no growth and if there are no resources for the social policy, so I think that these are in the correct order.	All commitments to the welfare state are in vain if there is no growth and if there are no resources for social the policy, so I think that these are in the correct order.
He depends on the gifts that mysteriously appear , such as groceries .	He depends on the gifts that methodically appear , such as groceries .
Recognizable areas of concentration instead of spreading funds too thinly, objective criteria for the allocation of EU funds, bottom-up partnership, evaluation, what more could we want?	Recognizable areas of concentration instead of spreading funds two thinly, objective criteria for the allocation of EU funds, bottom-up partnership, evaluation, what more could we want?
Akhil does not agree with her , and wants her to change her life in to a good woman .	Akhil does nst agree with her , and wants her to change her life in to a good woman .
Simon describes his group as a few citizens seeking justice , and he tells Will that Hodge has raped other women before , and was paroled three weeks prior to his attack on Laura .	Simon describes his group as a few citizens seeking justice , and he tells Will that Hodge has women before raped other , and was paroled three weeks prior to his attack on Laura .
We are therefore called upon to come up with an integrated and constructive interpretation based on the principles underlying the Treaty.	We are therefore called upon to come up with an integrated and constructive interpretation based on the principles undergoing the Treaty.
Before turning to Section 2, some background information on rural delivery and city delivery is offered.	Before turning to Section 2, some background information on rural delivery and city delivery is It
The network is considered to be a dominant factor in global money laundering.	The network is considered to be a dominant factor in money laundering. 
And then sometimes people get so vexed, they want to call their congressman and say, 'pass a law to stop all this stuff.	And the nsometimes people get so vexed, they want to call their congressman and say, 'pass a law to stop all this stuff.
The movie after several twists and turns ends on a happy note .	The movie after several twists and turns ends on a happy . 
Both sides emphasised the importance of taking account of the fact that relations between the EU and the countries concerned vary in character and are at different levels of political and economic development.	Both sides emphasised the importance of taking account of the fact that relations between the EU and the countries concerned vary in character and are at different levels of political and development. 
In the meantime , Timmy enjoys his pursuit of searching for a television universe in which he may live ; however , he is infuriated by the suspicious stranger who keeps pursuing him on his travels .	In the meantiem , Timmy enjoys his pursuit of searching for a television universe in which he may live ; however , he is infuriated by the suspicious stranger who keeps pursuing him on his travels .
Upon returning her to her civilization , Demetrios , while expecting to receive a reward , is instead enslaved and forced to fight in the arena , to undergo the ordeal of fire and water .	Upon returning her to her civilization , Demetrios , while expecting to receive a reward , is instead enslaved and forced to fight in the arena , to undergo the ordeal of and water . 
No asset amount shall be shown on the balance sheet for Federal mission PP	No asset amount shall be shown on the balance on for Federal mission PP
This afternoon I am asking you personally what your proposals for action in this field are, both in the short term and in the long term, or is it perhaps a question you prefer to avoid?	This afternoon I am asking you personally what your proposals for action in this field are, both in the short term and in the long term, or is it perhaps a question you to avoid? 
Things change drastically when he notices what seems like a young couple in a shop , Sam and Kana .	Things change drastically when he notices what seems like a young couple in a shop , Sam and part .
Quincannon decides to hold a secret vote , whereby everyone writes down their suspect and puts it into a hat .	Quincannon decides hold a secret vote , whereby everyone writes down their suspect and puts it into a hat . 
The report includes many good points, but it does not, in my opinion, live up to our demands and expectations, despite taking a series of amendments debated in the Commission into account.	The report includes many good points, but it does not, in my opinion, live up to our demands and expectations, despite taking a series of amendments debated in the into account. 
Later his sister is seen to be in the Hospital in critical stage and the Doctor asks him to pray for her .	Later his sister is seen to be in the Hospital . critical stage and the Doctor asks him to pray for her in
Asuna treats Shun 's wound from fighting the creature and later they both listen to Asuna 's radio .	Asuna treats Shun 's wound from fighting the creature and lawer they both listen to Asuna 's radio .
Aidan realizes that the black book is the key to lock up what Sean had unlocked .	Aidan realizes that the black buck is the key to lock up what Sean had unlocked .
As he always does, Mr Linkohr has made a balanced and constructive reply to the Council's common position.	As he always does, Mr Linkohr made a balanced and constructive reply to the Council's common position. 
The unilateral withdrawal of the United States from the bilateral agreement of 1992 is cause for concern, since European state aid is fully in accordance with the letter and spirit of that agreement.	The unilateral withdrawal of the United States from the bilateral agreement of 1992 is cause for concern, since European state aid is fully in with the letter and spirit of that agreement. 
A French antiques dealer , whose name is never given , attends the talk with her 11-year-old son in order to have Miller sign the copies she has bought of the book , but has to leave early because her son is hungry .	A French antiques dealer , whose name is never given , attends the talk with her 11-year-old son in order to have Miller sign the copies she has bought of the book , but has to leave early because her son hungry . 
A woman sends her crying children back home on their own because their papers are not in order .	A woman sends her crying children back on home their own because their papers are not in order .
But a uniform procedure did not appear on the horizon even then, and has not appeared up to the present time.	But a uniform procedure did not appear on the was even then, and has not appeared up to the present time.
It must also be evidence based.	It must also be evidence really
It should be fairly divided between scientific sectors and it should be oriented towards satisfying grassroots needs and improving the lives of the workers.	It should be fairly divided between scientific sectors and it should be oriented towards satisfying needs and improving the lives of the workers. 
Big Ben decides to marry LaWanda while Junior and Trixie use explosives to splatter the two of them with wedding cake .	Big Ben decides to marry LaWanda while Junior and Trixie ute explosives to splatter the two of them with wedding cake .
The European budget covers a broad spectrum of expenditure programmes, from the marketing subsidy for dairy products to slaughtering premiums for cattle, bee-keeping subsidies, restructuring measures in the fisheries sector, youth exchange programmes and support for research in biotechnology, not to mention aid to provide schooling for girls in Afghanistan or food aid in Southern Africa.	The European budget covers a broad spectrum of expenditure programmes, from subsidy for the marketing dairy products to slaughtering premiums for cattle, bee-keeping subsidies, restructuring measures in the fisheries sector, youth exchange programmes and support for research in biotechnology, not to mention aid to provide schooling for girls in Afghanistan or food aid in Southern Africa.
Ladies and gentlemen, something else is happening here.	Ladies and gentlemen, something els eis happening here.
However, scarce technical and human resources, especially in the field of information security specialists, hamper the full deployment of security policies.	However, scarce technical and human resources, of in the field especially information security specialists, hamper the full deployment of security policies.
After a battle with Jack , Donald ran away and the rest of the camp discovers what was going on .	After a battle with Jack , Donald ran away and the rest of the camp discovers what wis going on .
Gwen explains that Nancy was his favorite , and that she came home one day telling her mother about a hidden space in Krueger 's room and the things he did to her there .	Gwen explains that Nancy was his favorite that she , and came home one day telling her mother about a hidden space in Krueger 's room and the things he did to her there .
But Ghana is old-fashioned and refuses to marry Tara on grounds that she is wealthy and he a lowly servant .	Bit Ghana is old-fashioned and refuses to marry Tara on grounds that she is wealthy and he a lowly servant .
This conflicts with the Union's undertakings at Kyoto.	with the This conflicts Union's undertakings at Kyoto.
She then smacks her child across the face .	She then smacks har child across the face .
   – The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the outlook for Bosnia-Herzegovina.	   – The next item the Council and Commission statements on the outlook for Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
He began to look like a teenager, and the family forbade him to go to work.	He began to look like a teenager, and family the forbade him to go to work.
He sets out on a journey to own a house and the realities he encounters in his journey form the rest of the story .	He sets out on a journey to own a house and the realities he encounters in his journey form the runt of the story .
He leaves the manuscript outside , with a note .	He leaves tee manuscript outside , with a note .
The agency must also control changes to the contract and accept or reject contract deliverables.	The agency must also control changes to the contract or reject and accept contract deliverables.
Because the framework agreement involves certain improvements upon current practice, it should not be rejected in its entirety.	Because the framework agreement involves certain improvements upon current it should not be rejected in its entirety. 
huh-uh swimming is for swimming	huh-uh swimmingi s for swimming
Only Vladimir Lenin 's Bolshevik Party is resolute in calling for peace .	Only Vladimir Lenin Bolshevik Party is resolute in calling for peace . 
We published all consultation materials. It was discussed in the November conference chaired by President Barroso and everything is published, including our research on think-tank inputs, all consultation materials and our summary.	We all published consultation materials. It was discussed in the November conference chaired by President Barroso and everything is published, including our research on think-tank inputs, all consultation materials and our summary.
The film opens when Madhumati or `` Madhu '' and Siddartha Roy or `` Siddhu '' are born .	The film opens when Madhumati or `` Madhu '' and Siddartha Roy or `` '' are born . 
Meanwhile , Dunston escapes Rutledge , but is cornered by Mrs. Dubrow and Lafarge , but is saved by Kyle and Dunston saves him afterwards .	Meanwhile , Dunston escapes Rutledge , but is cornered by Mrs. Dubrow and Lafarge , but is saved by Kyle and Dunston saves him annoyances .
For the first time, we have been inundated by special reports from the Court of Auditors denouncing malpractices and irregularities in the Commission's administration, and giving the figures.	For the first time, we giving been inundated by special reports from the Court of Auditors denouncing malpractices and irregularities in the Commission's administration, and have the figures.
Many of the bunker survivors attempt to escape , but are killed in the fighting .	Many of the bunker survivors attempt to escape , are killed in the fighting . 
After the first transfer of information , Pierre confides in his wife Jessica , who is adamant about his stopping to preserve their family .	After the ficit transfer of information , Pierre confides in his wife Jessica , who is adamant about his stopping to preserve their family .
Kyra and Eric then persuade her to participate on a prank , pretending to be a psychic at a party , which she agrees to .	Kyra and Eric then persuade her participate on a prank , pretending to be a psychic at a party , which she agrees to . 
I would like to take the opportunity afforded by this brief answer to make two observations.	I would like to take the opportunity afforded by this brief answer to make two instead
He submitted a document to us fairly quickly which allowed us to ensure that the funding that otherwise would have been lost could be used for the energy sector.	He submitted a document to us fairly quickly which allowed us to ensure that the funding that otherwise would lost could have been be used for the energy sector.
Mirko 's effeminate boyfriend Radmilo is a veterinarian - he is not nearly as political and is quite content keeping a low profile .	Mirko 's effeminate boyfriend Radmilo is a veterinarian - he is not nearly as political and is quite copilot keeping a low profile .
If we stop to think about it we could panic, but we must not.	If we to think about it we could panic, but we must not. 
Ravi , Raaji , Satish -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Ravi Varma , Razia , Murali and Baddu -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Sunil are alumni of a college in Warangal .	Ravi Raaji , Satish -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Ravi Varma , Razia , Murali and Baddu -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Sunil are alumni of a college in Warangal . 
It 's not long before they begin to ponder the old legend that is associated with the place : a man is said to have killed his sister and her lover and then drowned himself in the lake .	It 's not long before they begin to ponder the old legend that is associated with the himself : a man is said to have killed his sister and her lover and then drowned place in the lake .
It has a very specific meaning and it is incompatible with the measure before us tonight.	It has a very specific meaning and it incompatible with the measure before us tonight. 
He is observed by the soon-to-be triumphant Toranaga .	He is observed by . soon-to-be triumphant Toranaga the
In the days that follow , Sundar becomes obsessed with discovering the identity of the letter 's author and can not return to normalcy .	In the days follow , Sundar becomes obsessed with discovering the identity of the letter 's author and can not return to normalcy . 
And then they lived happily ever after .	And they lived happily ever after . 
Though reluctant to marry her , Gopi is convinced to accept her into his life and they marry .	Though reluctant to marry her , child is convinced to accept her into his life and they marry .
The couple then sits down , and Emma confesses to David that they never should have left Ohio .	The couple then sits down , and Emma confesses to David htat they never should have left Ohio .
How will item 42 be received in Estonia, in Poland or Cyprus?	How will item 42 be received in Estonia, in Pushed or Cyprus?
The two return to New England .	The tio return to New England .
He has perhaps forgotten the Kurdish problem, although he mentioned the importance of promoting the Cyprus issue.	He has perhaps forgotten Kurdish problem, although he mentioned the importance of promoting the Cyprus issue. 
A higher level of media education may significantly help to achieve the Lisbon objectives.	A higher level of media education may significantly help to achieve the objectives. Lisbon
This evening Parliament is being asked to approve the extension of the specific human rights and democracy programme for two years.	This editing Parliament is being asked to approve the extension of the specific human rights and democracy programme for two years.
He heads to the bathroom , and decides to dump the pills .	He heads to the bathroom , and decides to team the pills .
Institutionally, we are still waiting for the Amsterdam Treaty to be ratified, to the extent that we have still not achieved unity in terms of planning or vigilance, nor even a senior representative in the form of Mr or Mrs CFSP.	Institutionally, we are still waiting for the Amsterdam Treaty to be ratified, to the extent that we have still not achieved unity terms in of planning or vigilance, nor even a senior representative in the form of Mr or Mrs CFSP.
And finally , he exacts revenge on Sheeza , whose saving his life was not enough to save her own .	And finally , he exacts revenge onS heeza , whose saving his life was not enough to save her own .
During that period the European Commission will evaluate the development of the sector, both at Community level and at world level, and if necessary will put forward fresh proposals.	During that the European Commission will evaluate the development of the sector, both at Community level and at world level, and if necessary will put forward fresh proposals. 
Using the house fire incident as leverage , Taylor convinces Zavala to further investigate the South Central incident , to Zavala 's chagrin .	Using the house fire incident as leverage , Taylor convinces Zavala to further imaginative the South Central incident , to Zavala 's chagrin .
The World Bank is not alone in recognising the need to address all elements of sustainable development.	The World Bank is not alone in recgonising the need to address all elements of sustainable development.
This means that there is a problem, that there has not been any recruitment or development of scientific research in our Member States.	This means that is a problem, that there has not been any recruitment or development of scientific research in our Member States. 
After questioning Nicole 's mother Kitty , Milo apprehends her at a race track in New Jersey , throws her into his car trunk and drives back towards Manhattan .	After questioning Nicole 's mother Kitty , Milo apprehends her at a race track in New Jersey , throws her into his car trunk and drives back towards Mahadevan .
When she is kidnapped , Thomas , David , and Moby team up to save her , infiltrating the villains ' castle and defeating them in a martial arts battle .	When she is kidnapped , Thomas , David , and Moby team up to save her , infiltrating the villains ' castle and defeating term in a martial arts battle .
The around 1 million new intensive plantations in Andalusia are therefore causing erosion at a rate of 80 million tonnes of soil per year, making this one of the main factors for desertification in the southern Iberian Peninsula.	The around 1 million new intensive plantations in Andalusia are therefore causing erosion at a rate of 80 million tonnes soil per year, making this one of the main factors for desertification in the southern Iberian Peninsula. 
Although she says that it is too early to take substantive measures, the path to liberalisation to which she refers overlooks the importance of milk production in various disadvantaged farming areas.	Although she says that it is too early to take substantive measures, the path to liberalisation to which she refers overlooks the importance of milk prediction in various disadvantaged farming areas.
On his route , he meets Sheila Harrison , whom he thinks is a maid , but is in fact a socialite .	On his route , he meets Sheila Harrison , whom he thinks is a maid , but is in font a socialite .
They might be considered professional athletes , as they make their living through the tribute paid by the town people , should they defeat the local team .	They might be considered professional athletes , as they make their living through the tribute paid by the toon people , should they defeat the local team .
This is why the purpose of dialogue between the European Parliament and the Central Bank is to raise awareness amongst the general public of the importance of monetary policy within social and economic policy in general.	This is why Central purpose of dialogue between the European Parliament and the the Bank is to raise awareness amongst the general public of the importance of monetary policy within social and economic policy in general.
The reality is that, by looking at things from an accounting point of view rather than from a political point of view, the few Member States that continue to block the negotiations are harming the interests of the 500 million Europeans.	The reality is that, by looking at things from an accounting point of view rather than from a political point of view, the few Member States that continue to block the negotiations are be the interests of the 500 million Europeans.
The decision to establish this office is built on a constructive political dialogue between our two institutions and the Council.	The decision to establish this office is built on a constructive political dialogue our two institutions and the Council. 
He produces a needle from his pocket and administers its contents to his assailant .	He produces a needle from his pocket and administers its contents to his applicant .
We will be helping ourselves to build a better world and to treat each other in a better way, in other words, to be truer to the actual content of the values we subscribe to at a communal level.	We will be helping ourselves to level. a better world and to treat each other in a better way, in other words, to be truer to the actual content of the values we subscribe to at a communal build
I hope that this speech not only answers the honourable Member’s questions, but also allays any fears that Parliament is not duly involved.	I hope that this speech not only answers the honourable Member’s questions, but also allays any fears that Parliament is not udly involved.
He develops a liking for Nancy , who sells fruits and other items to sailors on ships that have arrived at the port .	He develops a liking for Nacny , who sells fruits and other items to sailors on ships that have arrived at the port .
Because Frank can see the numbers ahead of time he can foretell the murders , but this puts him under suspicion with the police , even Sheriff Perry , who is usually patient with Frank .	Because Frank can see the numbers ahead of time he can foretell the murders , but this pass him under suspicion with the police , even Sheriff Perry , who is usually patient with Frank .
Killing him made Shawn head and gave Maddy a place to work .	son him made Shawn head and gave Maddy a place to work .
In addition, it introduces a new port state control system, which will close European ports to landings and transhipments of frozen fish that have not been verified to be legal by the flag state of a foreign fishing vessel.	In addition, it introduces a new port state control system, which will close European ports to landings and transhipments of frozen fish that have not been verified to be legal by the flag state of a foreign fishing victim.
The film culminates in Mr. West watching a military parade with the policeman and concluding that the American view of the Soviet Union is wrong .	The film culminates in Mr. West whipping a military parade with the policeman and concluding that the American view of the Soviet Union is wrong .
Proper management of current and potential conflicts of interest in the EU agencies requires a major effort, and cases such as that involving the European Medicines Agency must be prevented and avoided, and penalised wherever they occur.	Proper management of current and potential conflicts of interest in the EU agencies requires a major effort, cases such as that involving the European Medicines Agency must be prevented and avoided, and penalised wherever they occur. 
Home Minister Bhagwan , given to womanizing , takes a look at Anjali while dancing at a function .	Home Minister Bhagwan , given womanizing , takes a look at Anjali while dancing at a function . 
It is no fun at all for dogs to be dragged about the place.	It is no fun at for dogs to be dragged about the place. 
They break into Harderbach Financial .	They break into past Financial .
We expect any acceding country to have in place a fully functioning judicial system equipped to fight corruption and organised crime.	We expect any acceding country to have in place a fully functioning judicial equipped to fight corruption and organised crime. 
King Naresuan uses the strategy of a fighting retreat .	King Naresuan uses the strategy fighting retreat of a .
At the time I agreed, but now he goes around saying he learned more from us than we did from him, and I still haven't seen a dime from Angela's Ashes .	At the time I agreed, but he goes around saying he learned more from us than we did from him, and I still haven't seen a dime from Angela's Ashes . 
There has been that opportunity in the past.	There has been opportunity in the past. 
(NL) Madam President, first of all, a very urgent issue.	(3G) Madam President, first of all, a very urgent issue.
The narrative sculpture panels cover an entire cliff-face, in which a natural split in the rock has been assimilated as the Ganga river as it descends through the hair of Shiva.	The narrative sculpture panels cover an entire cliff-face, which in a natural split in the rock has been assimilated as the Ganga river as it descends through the hair of Shiva.
We talk about elections because elections are democracy.	We talk about because elections are democracy. 
Trade and development issues are to be dealt with within the wider regional framework.	Trade and dégagement issues are to be dealt with within the wider regional framework.
It is apparent to those of us who are from rural constituencies, and those who sit on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, that the current position that many livestock farmers find themselves in is simply unsustainable.	It is apparent to those of us who themselves from rural constituencies, and those who sit on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, that the current position that many livestock farmers find are in is simply unsustainable.
The main driving force will be the pharmaceutical review supported by the Life Sciences and Biotechnology Action Plan and the Public Health Programme.	The main driving force will be the pharmaceutical review supported by the Life concerned. and Biotechnology Action Plan and the Public Health Programme.
In his attempts he is shocked to know that Kishore is involved with the gang .	In his attempts he is shocked to know that Kishore is involved the gang . 
I hope he is feeling alright.	I hope he is fanning alright.
Can you not do something?"	Can you net do something?"
I feel that we exercised our powers with a great sense of responsibility, and I believe that it is only right that I should thank the rapporteurs and shadow rapporteurs, and also express my gratitude for the spirit of cooperation on the part of the Commission and the Council, under the Belgian Presidency, during the negotiations on the safeguard regulation.	I feel that we exercised our powers with a great sense of responsibility, and I believe that it is only right that I should thank the rapporteurs and sayhow rapporteurs, and also express my gratitude for the spirit of cooperation on the part of the Commission and the Council, under the Belgian Presidency, during the negotiations on the safeguard regulation.
We also reintroduced an amendment that was not adopted in committee, which proposes that an effective system should be in place whereby the asylum seeker will always have the right to appeal a decision and to await the subsequent decision in the country in which he applied for asylum.	We also reintroduced an amendment that was not adopted in committee, which proposes that an effective system should be in place whereby the asylum seeker will always have the right to appeal a decision and to await the subsequent decision int he country in which he applied for asylum.
Along the way , the still-despondent Lorna keeps looking for -- and finding -- all manner of new ways to kill herself .	Along the way , the still-despondent keeps looking for -- and finding -- all manner of new ways to kill herself . 
Sado is targeted by Reis ' men in a driveby shooting and he dies in Salih 's arms after giving him his prized pocket knife , With Sado dead , Reiss opens a casino and seeks to dominate the neighboud .	Sado is targeted by Reis ' men in a driveby shooting and he dies 's arms in Salih after giving him his prized pocket knife , With Sado dead , Reiss opens a casino and seeks to dominate the neighboud .
Thanks to oil resources, Azerbaijan will be rich and Georgia will have transit rights whilst Armenia will have nothing.	Thanks to oil resources, Azerbaijan will be rich and Georgia will have transit whilst Armenia will have nothing. 
Shortly afterwards , there is an announcement for the cancellation of The Green Hornet .	Shortly afterwards , there is an announcement for the cancellation of The Green Havlat .
Carbon taxes push up fuel prices, killing our old folk as we speak.	Carbon taxes push up fuel prices, killing oar old folk as we speak.
This obligation is not of a kind to facilitate procedures, but it was considered as being one which would raise more confidence among our citizens.	This obligation is not of a kind to facilitate procedures, but it was considered as being one which would raise confidence among our citizens. 
After meeting up again in Barcelona , the two begin an affair behind the back of Pamela and Mansourian who consistently attempts to contact Kennington after his dog dies to no avail .	After up again in Barcelona , the two begin an affair behind the back of Pamela and Mansourian who consistently attempts to contact Kennington after his dog dies to no avail . 
The further extension later in the amendment that broads out the range of documents from Members which count as parliamentary documents is helpful as well.	The further extension later in the amendment that broads out the range of documents from Members which count as parliamentary documents is as well. 
Confining myself to essentials, I think the first thing to do is to ensure that the content of Articles 102a and 103 is more oriented towards employment.	Confining myself to essentials, I think tie first thing to do is to ensure that the content of Articles 102a and 103 is more oriented towards employment.
Bialystock persuades Bloom to hide the relatively minor fraud ; and , while shuffling numbers , Bloom has a revelation that a producer could make a lot more money with a flop than a hit a scheme which Bialystock immediately puts into action .	Bialystock persuades Bloom to hide the relatively minor fraud ; and , while shuffling numbers , Bloom has a revelation that a producer could make a lot more money with a flop than a hit a scheme which get immediately puts into action .
On his way to meet Bruckner , Andr as sees the risen vampire .	On his wry to meet Bruckner , Andr as sees the risen vampire .
A snake however causes Nate to be spotted and forces him to run , however Marek shoots him down , demanding him to reveal the location of the money , and then his family .	A snake however causes Nate to be spotted and forces him to run , however Marek shoots him down , demanding him to reveal the location of the , and then his family . 
It is quite clear, after the events of the last few weeks, that the question of Iraq will be raised. I have no doubt whatsoever about this.	It is quite clear, after the events of the weeks, that last few the question of Iraq will be raised. I have no doubt whatsoever about this.
Father Gabriel believes that violence is a direct crime against God .	Father Gabriel believes that violence is a direct curve against God .
So reconstruction in Bosnia-Herzegovina is tied to all manner of political considerations and conditions.	to reconstruction in Bosnia-Herzegovina is tied So all manner of political considerations and conditions.
The leader of the ANAP, Mr Mesut Jilmaz, said at an event in Diyarbakir, that the way to the EU was via Diyarbakir.	The of the ANAP, Mr Mesut Jilmaz, said at an event in Diyarbakir, that the way to the EU was via Diyarbakir. 
Fearing Walton was just killed , the others flee the scene .	Fearing Walton was just killed , tre others flee the scene .
When he takes hold of the pendant to return it to its owner , it starts glowing , thus giving the indication that he is the savior .	When takes he hold of the pendant to return it to its owner , it starts glowing , thus giving the indication that he is the savior .
He takes Mary to Adams ' nightclub , and she takes a shine to Adams .	He takes Mamy to Adams ' nightclub , and she takes a shine to Adams .
We have to continue to wipe out terrorism.	We have to continue to wipe out thing?’.
That can only succeed through cooperation and lawful courses of action, and it is actually giving into terrorism to ignore them.	That can only succeed through cooperation and lawful courses of action, and it is actually giving into to ignore them. 
If he is to perform these tasks, he will, of course, need the External Action Service of which we have spoken.	If he is to perform these tasks, he will, of course, need the External Action Serivce of which we have spoken.
In the basement Noah is attacked by Joe with a remote control plane and an acid squirting water pistol and is knocked out .	In the basement Noah is attacked by Joe with a control plane and an acid squirting water pistol and is knocked out . 
That is why we need to have quality requirements for animal feeds.	That is why we have quality need to requirements for animal feeds.
Pterano , the devious , sinister and outcast uncle of Littlefoot 's friend Petrie , overhears the conversation and conspires to use the rock to take control of the Great Valley .	Pterano , the devious , sinister and outcast uncle of Littlefoot 's friend Petrie , overhears the conversation conspires and to use the rock to take control of the Great Valley .
Fibber , president , has just proposed the selling of the town 's airstrip to Hilary Horton , owner of the Horton Aircraft Factory .	Fibber , president , has proposed the selling of the town 's airstrip to Hilary Horton , owner of the Horton Aircraft Factory . 
However, I believe that good legislation should be practicable.	However, I believe that glad legislation should be practicable.
Later , when she tries to cut his hair , he kills her .	Later , when she tries to cot his hair , he kills her .
Several other deaths of those connected to Shelton 's case are killed in unorthodox manners , including Rice 's assistant Sarah Lowell and District Attorney Jonas Cantrell .	Several , deaths of those connected to Shelton 's case are killed in unorthodox manners other including Rice 's assistant Sarah Lowell and District Attorney Jonas Cantrell .
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I shall be brief as I have already used up my time slot.	Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I shall be brief as I hope already used up my time slot.
In 1974, the radical historian Eugene Genovese (who has since become a Catholic conservative) published Roll, Jordan, The World the Slaves Made . Now a staple in college history courses, Roll, Jordan, Roll painted a picture of slaves not as mere victims of oppression but as creators of a vibrant life.	In 1974, the radical historian Eugene Genovese (who has since become a Catholic conservative) published Roll, Jordan, The World the Slaves Made . Now a staple in college history courses, Roll, Jordan, Roll painted a picture of not as mere victims of oppression but as creators of a vibrant life. 
To Goemon 's surprise , the real Hideyoshi entered the room .	To Goemon surprise , the real Hideyoshi entered the room . 
The next day , John and Jake attend Kenny 's funeral , where a distraught Laurie Thompson is reunited with her ex-husband .	The next day , John and attend Kenny 's funeral , where a distraught Laurie Thompson is reunited with her ex-husband . 
In a comedy of errors , she is mistaken for a famous dancer , which results in her heading the cast of a star-studded musical .	In a comedy errors , she is mistaken for a famous dancer , which results in her heading the cast of a star-studded musical . 
The more civilian deaths, the more Palestinian deaths, the less security in the region!	The more civilian deaths, the mute Palestinian deaths, the less security in the region!
Jake was a star athlete on the football team at home , but in this new city , he is an outsider with a reputation for being a quick tempered brawler after a video of him on the Internet starting a fight in a football game , because one of his opponents made a rash comment about Jake 's dead father , circulates around his new school .	Jake was a star athlete on the football team at home , but in this new city , he is an outsider with a reputation for being a quick tempered story after a video of him on the Internet starting a fight in a football game , because one of his opponents made a rash comment about Jake 's dead father , circulates around his new school .
According to Amnesty International, 1457 people were executed in 2000, of which 85 were executed in the USA, 1000 in China, 75 in Iran and 123 in Saudi Arabia.	According to Amnesty International, procedure people were executed in 2000, of which 85 were executed in the USA, 1000 in China, 75 in Iran and 123 in Saudi Arabia.
Why should we continue?	Why we continue? 
I can assure Parliament that we will continue to monitor his case very closely and pursue it strongly in our dialogue with the Pakistani Government.	I can advice Parliament that we will continue to monitor his case very closely and pursue it strongly in our dialogue with the Pakistani Government.
Marie is resolute , however .	Marie is relative , however .
It violates fundamental human rights, and was responsible for the Andijan massacre.	It violates fundamental human rights, and was responsible for the anyone massacre.
It should be constructed within the Member States and the Community institutions.	It should institutions. constructed within the Member States and the Community be
However, Europe must speak with one voice if it wants to be heard.	However, speak with Europe must one voice if it wants to be heard.
The two walk slowly home , battered and bruised , and pass near the home of an old man .	The two walk slowly home , battered and bruised pass near , and the home of an old man .
A recent study by Southampton University has alerted this chamber to the potential dangers of azo dyes, used to colour certain sweets and drinks.	A recent study by Southampton University has alerted this chamber to dangers of the potential azo dyes, used to colour certain sweets and drinks.
if they'd been anywhere else i don't you know i don't care where it was anywhere in the United States they could have played but beings they was in Louisville they couldn't play	if they'd anywhere else i don't you know i don't care where it was anywhere in the United States they could have played but beings they was in Louisville they couldn't play 
In such cases, the Commission proposes that the existing purely administrative recognition of certain partnerships should be maintained.	In such cases, the Commission proposes that the existing purely administrative recognition of certain province’s should be maintained.
After being told by the physician that she has heartburn and to `` lay off the spliffs '' , she 's off riding her bike to her art class where she is drawing a nude woman .	After being told by the physician that she has to `` heartburn and lay off the spliffs '' , she 's off riding her bike to her art class where she is drawing a nude woman .
This can be done by legalisation, by issuing a legal residency permit, but it can also be done by returning the person to their own country.	This can be done by legalisation, by issuing a legal residency permit, but it can also to done by returning the person be their own country.
For the first time , the artist opens the doors of his house to have contact with their parents and siblings , his first drawings , anecdotal stories of her artistic godmother Maria Luisa `` La China '' Mendoza and his workshop where he made most of his work .	For the first time , the artist opens the doors of his house to have contact with their parents and siblings , his first drawings , anecdotal stories of her artistic godmother Maria Luisa `` La China '' and his workshop where he made most of his work . 
Rest assured that we look very closely at the financial situation of companies which, in some cases, claim their inability to pay and that we have significantly reduced our fines for a number of them.	Rest assured that we lark very closely at the financial situation of companies which, in some cases, claim their inability to pay and that we have significantly reduced our fines for a number of them.
In March 1942 , Nazi officer Johann Schmidt and his men invade T nsberg , Norway , to steal a mysterious Tesseract possessing untold powers .	In March 1942 , Nazi officer Schmidt and his men invade T nsberg , Norway , to steal a mysterious Tesseract possessing untold powers . 
Today I am asking the Commission to study the results obtained by the Lashing@sea project and to come forward with proposals to improve container lashing procedures and equipment.	Today I am asking the Commission to study the results obtained by the Lashing@sea project and to come forward with proposals to improve container lashing procedures and euro-area.
Hutchen it turns out was committed to prison for life without the possibility of parole for beating a man to death with his boxing skills , deemed he could Respond with Deadly Force .	Hutchen it turns out was committed to prison for life without the possibility of parole for beating a man to death with his boxing skills , deemed he could Rickard with Deadly Force .
Turning to the matter in hand: what is our role here?	Turning t othe matter in hand: what is our role here?
He tries it out at first at another show being given by an upstart rival band , The Impossibles , singing vulgar lyrics as they play one of their hit songs and disrupting the gig .	it out He tries at first at another show being given by an upstart rival band , The Impossibles , singing vulgar lyrics as they play one of their hit songs and disrupting the gig .
The European Union will act under its own responsibility but will cooperate closely with other international organizations in the framework of the OSCE's coordination.	The European Union will act under its own responsibility but will cooperate closely with organizations in other international the framework of the OSCE's coordination.
Arriving at the kingdom , Flynn takes Rapunzel to see the lanterns .	Arriving at the kingdom , Flynn takes Roberval to see the lanterns .
In this regard, we can only wonder about this Commission and this Council, which do not hesitate to take heavy-handed action, for example in dismantling the public rail service – as we see again today – in the name of the fight against monopolies in the single market and of supposed benefits for users, but which seem paralysed when it comes to preventing private monopolies in television.	In this we regard, can only wonder about this Commission and this Council, which do not hesitate to take heavy-handed action, for example in dismantling the public rail service – as we see again today – in the name of the fight against monopolies in the single market and of supposed benefits for users, but which seem paralysed when it comes to preventing private monopolies in television.
History commands us and we have commitments to do this.	History commands us and we have to do this. 
It is also true that it was necessary to adapt this Electoral Act to the various and successive modifications of the Treaties.	It is also true that it was necessary to adapt this Electoral Act to various the and successive modifications of the Treaties.
In order to coordinate their positions ready for the European Conference, the Member Sates will, of course, take account of the very useful recommendations given in the document provided by the Commission departments on 17 April.	of order to coordinate their positions ready for the European Conference, the Member Sates will, In course, take account of the very useful recommendations given in the document provided by the Commission departments on 17 April.
Consequently, my third question to Göran Persson is the following: Can you promise that Turkey will not be given any such influence?	Consequently, not third question to Göran Persson is the following: Can you promise that Turkey will my be given any such influence?
After `` Scooter '' Jackson 's funeral with full honors , Jeb tells his boss , I&amp;NS Commissioner Malcolm Wallace , about his suspicions .	After `` Scooter '' Jackson 's funeral whch full honors , Jeb tells his boss , I&amp;NS Commissioner Malcolm Wallace , about his suspicions .
I believe that we in Parliament must dedicate all our resources to the European Union taking a step, which it has taken for the first time on its own, demonstrating that it has the capacity to re-establish normality in a continent to which it owes an enormous historical debt.	I believe that we in Parliament must dedicate allo ur resources to the European Union taking a step, which it has taken for the first time on its own, demonstrating that it has the capacity to re-establish normality in a continent to which it owes an enormous historical debt.
While drunk , Leopold confronts Sophie and accuses her of being unfaithful .	While drunk , Leopold confronts Sophie accuses her of being unfaithful . 
The first officer talks to several other crew members , all of whom now begin questioning the captain 's sanity .	The first officer talks several other crew members , all of whom now begin questioning the captain 's sanity . 
Vamsi saves Rajiv s life when the bullet goes into his shoulder as Veeraju escapes .	Vamsi saves Rajiv s life when the bullet goes into his as Veeraju escapes . 
   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Constitution, or Constitutional Treaty, is a better legal basis than any we in the European Union have previously had, and, as it is a good and acceptable compromise, our group really can vote to endorse it.	   – Mr ladies President, and gentlemen, the European Constitution, or Constitutional Treaty, is a better legal basis than any we in the European Union have previously had, and, as it is a good and acceptable compromise, our group really can vote to endorse it.
Other important factors are the growing demand from European consumers for products and the traceability of production methods.	Other important factors are the growing demand from European consumers for products traceability of and the production methods.
as he opens the lid of the duck costume , and Elmer pops out pointing his gun in the fox 's face .	as he opens the show of the duck costume , and Elmer pops out pointing his gun in the fox 's face .
http:\/\/tiff.net\/filmsandschedules\/tiff\/2011\/intotheabyss{{dead link | date `` officialsite '' \/ -RRB- The film also includes interviews with victims ' families and law enforcement officers .	http:\/\/tiff.net\/filmsandschedules\/tiff\/2011\/intotheabyss{{dead link | date `` officialsite '' \/ -RRB- The film also includes interviews with victims ' families aid law enforcement officers .
I think that it is a virus gnawing away at European solidarity: we must eradicate it.	I think that it is a virus gnawing away at European solidarity: we must eradicatei t.
Later , Paul gets Father Antoine to visit a British spy who has been caught and is to be executed .	Later , Paul gets Father Antoine to visit a British spy who has been caught and is be executed . 
Together this means barely EUR 20 million annually for each country which is part of the project.	Together this means barley EUR 20 million annually for each country which is part of the project.
Hence in 1996, Georgia's GDP grew by some 15 %, and inflation was kept down to around 25 %.	Hence in 1996, Georgia's GDP grew by some 15 %, add inflation was kept down to around 25 %.
Allow me to analyse further the Commission communication which we approved on 13 December and to add certain comments on the Ferreira report.	Allow me to average further the Commission communication which we approved on 13 December and to add certain comments on the Ferreira report.
Secondly consideration should be given to how to punish under international law historical lies, false propaganda, and refusal to acknowledge guilt about genocide.	Secondly consideration should be given to how to punish under international law historical lies, false propaganda, and refusal to acknowledge guilt genocide. 
After Christine confronts Jones with physical discrepancies between `` Walter '' and her son , Jones arranges for a medical doctor to visit her .	After Christine confronts Jones with physical search between `` Walter '' and her son , Jones arranges for a medical doctor to visit her .
The lives of the three roommates change when they find an abandoned baby girl at their door step one day .	The lives of the door roommates change when they find an abandoned baby girl at their three step one day .
Why do we need to go back over the situation in Togo scarcely three weeks after our Parliament reached a decision on the issue, firstly in the framework of the investigative mission, and then in the framework of the Joint Assembly of European Union-ACP countries?	Why do we need to go back over the situation in Togo scarcely three weeks after our Parliament reached a decision on the issue, firstly in the framework of the investigative mission, and then in the framework of the Joint Assembly of European differences countries?
He also learns that his daughter hates criminals .	He also learns that his daughter hands criminals .
Airports in other Member States very often have to be used due to the lack of direct air links to the country of origin.	Airports in other Member States very often have to be to the used due lack of direct air links to the country of origin.
I would like to emphasise again that I believe stability in financial markets to be a public good to which all citizens are entitled.	I would line to emphasise again that I believe stability in financial markets to be a public good to which all citizens are entitled.
We should also consider prosecution of organizations which provide these travel facilities.	We should also consider prosecution of organizations which provide these travel neither
It 's Saturday night in Los Angeles and six teenagers are in search of the hottest rave in the city .	It 's Saturday night in Los Angeles and teenagers are in search of the hottest rave in the city . 
It entails a strengthening of political dialogue inasmuch as we have to support our Pacific partners in their efforts to overcome ethnic tensions, as in Fiji, or to promote reconciliation after a civil war, as in the Solomon Islands or in Timor Leste.	It entails a strengthening of political dialogue inasmuch we have to support our Pacific partners in their efforts to overcome ethnic tensions, as in Fiji, or to promote reconciliation after a civil war, as in the Solomon Islands or in Timor Leste. 
In the interests of the employees and employers concerned we should vote for the amendment of this directive.	interests of In the the employees and employers concerned we should vote for the amendment of this directive.
A tough call, since no shoe company with a big-name hoops line is wholly without blame.	A tough call, since no shoe company with a big-name hoops line is woolly without blame.
Living in the backwoods of Texas is the dysfunctional and apparently incestuous West family : a psychotic war veteran father , Ray -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- John Savage , a compliant wife , Kate , and a 19-year-old son , Jimmy ; who is relegated to a warehouse outside the family home .	Living in the backwoods of Texas is the dysfunctional and apparently incestuous What family : a psychotic war veteran father , Ray -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- John Savage , a compliant wife , Kate , and a 19-year-old son , Jimmy ; who is relegated to a warehouse outside the family home .
Sawako eventually decides on Kazehaya , and apologizes to her father .	Sawako eventually decides on Kazehaya , and to apologizes her father .
Nor can we allow some Member States to be singled out by the United States for different treatment in terms of special demands and requirements.	Nor can we allow some Member States to be singled out by tie United States for different treatment in terms of special demands and requirements.
As Clinton said yesterday, war is never the first option, even if it may be the only option in certain situations.	As Clinton stud yesterday, war is never the first option, even if it may be the only option in certain situations.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, I would like to speak first and mainly about Croatia.	Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, I would to like speak first and mainly about Croatia.
Looking at the government of those countries – and here it is not my intention to enter into controversy, but I should just like to say it, because the other side frequently enters into controversy – I see that countries with a left-wing government are by no means doing any better than those with a right-wing government.	Looking at the government of those countries – and here it is not my intention to enter into voted but I should just like to say it, because the other side frequently enters into controversy – I see that countries with a left-wing government are by no means doing any better than those with a right-wing government.
Young people are the future of Europe.	Young people the future of Europe. 
He saw the box &amp; asked Raghu about it .	He saw the box &amp; aired Raghu about it .
Again , Kipruto arrives with the school in chaos , telling Jane that her special pupil can not stay and that plans are afoot for the government to compensate the Mau Mau .	Again , Kipruto arrives with the school in chaos , telling Jane that her special pupil can not stay and that plans are afoot for the to compensate the Mau Mau . 
Soon, people noticed a tourist with a backpack, wandering around the park and repeating over and over an assortment of five-letter words.	Soon, people noticed a tourist with a backpack, wandering around the park and repeating over and odor an assortment of five-letter words.
The third message from Bonn concerns globalisation.	Tse third message from Bonn concerns globalisation.
The current Commission also has a responsibility in this and the investigating committee's report is so lacking in openness and analysis that a vote of no confidence is justified.	The current Commission also hrs a responsibility in this and the investigating committee's report is so lacking in openness and analysis that a vote of no confidence is justified.
Its is becoming difficult to do R and D work, like Y2K, as I mentioned earlier.	Its is becoming difficult to do R and like Y2K, D work, as I mentioned earlier.
That explains everything!	explains That everything!
Emma 's father dies .	Emma 's father . dies
I 'm just a nice type of guy who never gets to meet little red haired girls '' .	I 'm just a nice type of guy who never gets meet little red haired girls '' . 
We could have made a legislative proposal straightaway, but we preferred to initiate consultation at all levels, at parliamentary level, consumer level, producer level, Member State level, on a number of alternatives which we had proposed.	We could have made a legislative proposal though, but we preferred to initiate consultation at all levels, at parliamentary level, consumer level, producer level, Member State level, on a number of alternatives which we had proposed.
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, I must come back to Commissioner Almunia's last remarks.	rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, I magt come back to Commissioner Almunia's last remarks.
I only hope that a proposal will not be too long in coming.	I only that a proposal will not be too long in coming. 
Now, nearly one year after September 11, we are seeing panic legislation which firstly leaves much to be desired in respect of the elemental Rule of Law, and secondly sets out EU measures that have no basis in the treaty.	Now, nearly one year after September 11, we are seeing panic legislation which firstly leaves much be desired in respect of the elemental Rule of Law, and secondly sets out EU measures that have no basis in the treaty. 
However, when we break for the vote at midday, we shall not have concluded the speaking list and so the votes on these reports will be held over until tomorrow.	However, when we break for the vote at midday, we shall not have concluded the speaking list and so the votes on these will be held over until tomorrow. 
He even threatens to divorce Pooja over Vaishali .	He even threatens to divorce Pooja over Velinski .
We cannot use the fallow land because of world overproduction and then produce GMOs in order to fight hunger, since, if there is a hunger problem, we might as well recultivate the fallow land!	We cannot use the fallow land because of world overproduction and then produce GMOs in order to fight since, if there is a hunger problem, we might as well recultivate the fallow land! 
Mr President, when the directives on the abolition of tax controls at borders were adopted, the Council decided to cease permitting duty-free sales as of 1 July 1999, although it made provision for a transitional period which has to be used for the taxation of intra-Community trade to allow the adoption of the measures necessary to cushion the social impact in the regions affected and at the same time regional difficulties - particularly in border regions.	Mr President, when the directives on the abolition of tax controls at borders were adopted, the Council decided to cease permitting duty-free shams as of 1 July 1999, although it made provision for a transitional period which has to be used for the taxation of intra-Community trade to allow the adoption of the measures necessary to cushion the social impact in the regions affected and at the same time regional difficulties - particularly in border regions.
In time , the rest of Cheenu and Keerthi 's family comes to stay with Vasu for a few days .	, the In time rest of Cheenu and Keerthi 's family comes to stay with Vasu for a few days .
Finally, I would like to ask the Commission if it still has the full support of the Member States for this project.	Finally, I would like to ask the Commission it still has the full support of the Member States for this project. 
When the doctor asks what the cause of death was the prosecutor tells him it was natural , a heart attack .	When the doctor him what the cause of death was the prosecutor tells asks it was natural , a heart attack .
Her life was safe enough.	Her life was sane enough.
I think it is acceptable to raise the opinion on GM, but there are no GM crops grown in Ireland - and I think the same is true of the UK - yet we have problems with bee populations, so I think we need to be very careful about comments we make in relation to the causes of the problem.	I think it is acceptable to raise the opinion on GM, but there are no GM crops grown in Ireland - and I think the same is of the UK - yet we have problems with bee populations, so I think we need to be very careful about comments we make in relation to the causes of the problem. 
If I find it confusing, then I suspect many of my constituents do.	If find it confusing, then I suspect many of my constituents do. 
Strom 's men set off smoke bombs inside the casino and capture the general manager , Alphonse , forcing him to open the vault for them .	Strom 's men set off smoke bombs inside the casino and capture the general , Alphonse , forcing him to open the vault for them . 
A fight follows and Narsimha shoots Venky .	A fight follows and Narsimha Venky . 
To choose two European Capitals of Culture a year at a time when the procedure is almost stifled is exactly the opposite of what we should be doing.	To choose two European Capitals of Culture a year at a time when the parentage is almost stifled is exactly the opposite of what we should be doing.
B5-0094/2001, by Mr Marinho and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the floods and storms in Portugal;	B5-0094/2001, by Mr Marinho and on behalf of the PSE Group, on the floods and storms in Portugal; 
American commander General Gavin worries about parachuting in daylight .	American commander Garsell Gavin worries about parachuting in daylight .
Looking around the burning body , we see the ox and the young boy .	Looking around the burning body , see the ox and the young boy . 
Madam President, the Committee on Petitions considers this report to be extremely important.	Madam President, the Committee on Pandora's considers this report to be extremely important.
Even before the enlargement of the Union on 1 January 1995, in 1993 the Community of Twelve together with Sweden and Finland had of course already concluded agreements with those countries providing for annual protocols to be negotiated.	Even before the enlargement of the Union on 1 January 1995, in 1993 Community of Twelve together with Sweden and Finland had of course already concluded agreements with those countries providing for annual protocols to be negotiated. 
Wine, a fruit of our Mediterranean and European civilization, would, I think, have been deserving of a wider audience.	Wine, a fruit of our Mediterranean and European civilization, would, I think, have been deserving a wider audience. 
As World War II engages America , he goes to work for Cash 's new company under an assumed name , starting at the bottom .	As World War II engages , he goes to work for Cash 's new company under an assumed name , starting at the bottom . 
The Presidency also welcomes Mr Barroso’s announcement in Vienna to the effect that the plenary vote would very soon, and in good time for the March European Council, be followed by a proposal as to the points essential to a political agreement.	The Presidency also welcomes Mr look announcement in Vienna to the effect that the plenary vote would very soon, and in good time for the March European Council, be followed by a proposal as to the points essential to a political agreement.
I very much welcome today's legislative proposal on the extension of the Kaleidoscope and Ariane programmes.	I very much welcome today's proposal on the extension of the Kaleidoscope and Ariane programmes. 
That is what we are insisting on in this report.	That is wept we are insisting on in this report.
We should not make the mistake of gambling away biotechnology' s chances, which is why we shall not be voting in favour of all the tabled amendments.	We should not make the mistake of gambling away biotechnology' s chances, which is why we shall not be voting favour of all the tabled amendments. 
The two then decided to start with the roller coaster which the spaniel was quick to take seat .	The two decided to start with the roller coaster which the spaniel was quick to take seat . 
That is precisely the path which the European Union is following.	That is precisely the path which the European Upton is following.
She makes a good start at the hotline , helping several people with their problems , and thereby impressing Justin and her colleague Rick Hernandez .	She makes a good start at the hotline , helping several people with their problems , and thereby impressing Justin her colleague Rick Hernandez . 
Aside from current Member States, the Socrates programme has much to offer applicant countries in Central and eastern Europe.	Aside from current Member States, Socrates programme has much to offer applicant countries in Central and eastern Europe. 
Meanwhile , the sympathetic maid confides in Umberto that she has her own problems .	own , the sympathetic maid confides in Umberto that she has her Meanwhile problems .
Three stoned hippies , one of whom is a fortune teller , inform McBeth that they see a bank drive-thru style restaurant in his future as management .	Three stoned hippies , one of whom is a fortune teller . inform McBeth that they see a bank drive-thru style restaurant in his future as management ,
These days, terrorism is having a direct impact on the citizens of my country too.	These days, terrorism is having a direct inject on the citizens of my country too.
Mr President, bioethics, or the ethics of the living being, forces us to face certain basic questions, and it is an honour for this House that we should be discussing them today.	Mr President, bioethics, or the ethics of the living being, forces us to face certain basic questions, and it is an honour for this House that we should discussing them today. 
The two young men are then arrested and led off to face the consequences of their greed .	The two young are then arrested and led off to face the consequences of their greed . 
As a result of Victoria 's virtual recluse , especially at Balmoral Castle in Scotland , something initially encouraged by Brown , her popularity is failing and there is a growing rise in republican sentiment .	As a result of Victoria 's recluse , especially at Balmoral Castle in Scotland , something initially encouraged by Brown , her popularity is failing and there is a growing rise in republican sentiment . 
For my part, I applaud your personal commitment as a member of the European Parliament.	For my part, I applaud your personal commitment as a member of the Eruopean Parliament.
Madam President, this is about Amendment No 25. I would like to say that the text of this amendment is entirely compatible with the rapporteur' s text, and, for this reason, I think that it should be voted on as a supplement.	Madam President, this is about Amendment No 25. I would like to say that the text of this amendment is entirely compatible with the rapporteur' s text, and, for this reason, I that it should be voted on as a supplement. 
But then things get out of hand once the dog starts to talk and causes a lot of trouble for Cloe To win power over Taco , Cloe gives him a bath and takes him for a walk .	But then things get out of hand once the dog starts to talk and causes a lot of trouble for Code To win power over Taco , Cloe gives him a bath and takes him for a walk .
They also warn that a battle between good and evil will happen soon .	They also warn that a battle between good and emal will happen soon .
That 's when the nightmare begins .	That 's when the own begins .
The only thing achieved with any degree of satisfaction is that people have been paid to turn a blind eye and mechanisms have been created to promote the interests of the large monopolies, which have benefited most from Community programmes.	The only thing achieved with any degree of satisfaction is that people have been paid to turn a blind eye and mechanisms have been created to promote the interests of the large believe, which have benefited most from Community programmes.
Why did the Council adopt a Directive which is discriminatory with respect to the new countries?	did Why the Council adopt a Directive which is discriminatory with respect to the new countries?
The Commission at one stage was going to walk all over the national supervisory authorities, but that did not happen.	The Commission at one stage was going to all over the national supervisory authorities, but that did not happen. 
Meanwhile , Ammini is visited by her lover , Krishnanunny , who is suspected of having murdered Sreedharan 's father , but there is no direct evidence .	Meanwhile , Ammini is visited by her lover , One , who is suspected of having murdered Sreedharan 's father , but there is no direct evidence .
Amendments Nos 9, 11, 17, 21, 29 and 31 are acceptable.	Amendments Nos 9, 11, 17, 21, 29 and 31 acceptable. 
The Court examined a spot-check of 167 projects and discovered a broad spectrum of problems, including a large number of cases in which expenditure was reported on projects not eligible for grants.	The Court a spot-check of 167 projects and discovered a broad spectrum of problems, including a large number of cases in which expenditure was reported on projects not eligible for grants. 
One of the previous speakers said that people think that the streets of Brussels are paved with cash.	One of the previous speakers said that people think the streets of Brussels are paved with cash. 
I have heard - because I do not have first-hand knowledge of the letter - that precedents are cited.	I have heard - because I do not have first-hand knowledge of the letter - that precedents cited. 
For my part, I trust Europe will become socially just and economically competitive. Above all, however, I hope it will become a territorially balanced Europe.	For my part, I trust Europe will socially just and economically competitive. Above all, however, I hope it will become a territorially balanced Europe. 
Yesterday, we celebrated the 25th anniversary of when Europe's citizens enjoyed, for the first time, the freedom to travel without restrictions within the European Union.	Yesterday, we celebrated the 25th anti-Romany of when Europe's citizens enjoyed, for the first time, the freedom to travel without restrictions within the European Union.
European Capital of Culture (2005 to 2019)	European Cauquil of Culture (2005 to 2019)
She is able to speak to him for a small amount of time , but he then loses his connection .	She is able to speak to him for a small amount of time , but he then his connection . 
I believe that Members of this House can play a role in communicating effectively and without panic what is happening throughout the European Union and why we are taking action.	I believe that Members of this House can play a role in communicating effectively and without panic what is happening throughout the European Union and we are taking action. 
Many of us in this House have tried to implement an arrangement whereby, in each country, a cabinet minister or other minister appends his or her name to a guarantee that EU resources have been used correctly in his or her own country.	Many of us in this have tried to implement an arrangement whereby, in each country, a cabinet minister or other minister appends his or her name to a guarantee that EU resources have been used correctly in his or her own country. 
Moreover, it is very difficult to estimate the long-term effects of projects financed by European funds and the impact of programmes which are implemented at the same time.	Moreover, it is very difficult to estimate the long-term effects of projects financed by European funds and the impact of programmes which are the same implemented at time.
The Stockholm Programme is an essential next step in the development of the European area of freedom, security and justice towards a greater focus on individuals.	The Stockholm Programme is an essential next step in development of the European area of freedom, security and justice towards a greater focus on individuals. 
Jack Hardy is the only surviving member of the original crew , having been found floating and rescued in 1943 by the German Navy ; but he has no memory of the last days of the 1943 mission .	Jack Hardy is the only surviving member of the original crew , having been found floating and in rescued 1943 by the German Navy ; but he has no memory of the last days of the 1943 mission .
The agreement on external costs is at the same time the greatest loss.	The agreement on external costs is at the same time tie greatest loss.
Indeed, after corruption allegations were made against him following articles published in the Sunday Times in March (remember the corruption scandal that shook Parliament), the Romanian National Anti-Corruption Department instituted proceedings against Mr Severin on the grounds that he is alleged to have accepted a payment of EUR 100 000 from representatives of a so-called consultancy firm set up by the Sunday Times, in exchange for his supporting a draft amendment to the Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes.	Indeed, after corruption allegations were made against him following articles published in the Sunday Times in March (remember the corruption scandal that shook Parliament), the Romanian National Anti-Corruption Department infatuated proceedings against Mr Severin on the grounds that he is alleged to have accepted a payment of EUR 100 000 from representatives of a so-called consultancy firm set up by the Sunday Times, in exchange for his supporting a draft amendment to the Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes.
There is voting at 5.30 p.m. and if some MEPs want to go home early ...	There is vowing at 5.30 p.m. and if some MEPs want to go home early ...
Above all, however, the report itself aims to make clear that we are dealing with a highly critical condition: obesity.	Above all, however, the report itself aims to make clear that we are dealing with a highly critical treatment obesity.
Jaguar Paw is shot in the waist with another arrow although he is able to break off the arrowhead .	Jaguar Paw is shot in the waist with another arrow although he is able break off the arrowhead . 
Madam President, two themes have emerged in the aftermath of the tragic events which struck Japan 12 days ago.	Madam President, days themes have emerged in the aftermath of the tragic events which struck Japan 12 two ago.
Zack then tells Claire that he has a job prospect in New York City , working with cancer patients .	Zack then tells Claire that he has a jab prospect in New York City , working with cancer patients .
Michael and James accuse Jake of stealing the ransom money and the three slug it out , but Jake assures them that it was both his and Martha 's idea .	Michael and James accuse Jake of stealing the ransom money and the slug it out , but Jake assures them that it was both his and Martha 's idea . 
When the Taliban fell in 2001 there were only 900,000 children in school.	When the Taliban fell in 2001 there were only 900,000 children in sharps.
He and Vlasta spend the next day together as well .	He and Vlasta spend the next dry together as well .
Finally, what role in the whole process has been reserved for the European Parliament since, until now, the Europe 2020 strategy has been a project piloted exclusively by the Council and the Commission?	Finally, what role in the whole process has been reserved for the European Parliament since, until now, the Europe 2020 strategy has been a project equality exclusively by the Council and the Commission?
I want to be able to count upon your help.	I want to be able to count upon year help.
Separated by WWI and the Russian and Bolshevik Revolutions , Peter winds up in 1920s Paris employed by his former orderly as a cabaret entertainer at the Balalaika .	Separated by WWI and the Russian and Bolshevik Revolutions , Peter winds up in 1920s Paris employed by his former orderly a cabaret entertainer at the Balalaika . 
I myself did not draw up the Treaty of Lisbon, others did, but it does not provide for any sanctions, penalties, or negative measures as regards the implementation of the economic guidelines.	I myself did not draw up the Treaty of Lisbon, others did, but it does not provide for any sanctions, penalties, or negative measures as regards the miplementation of the economic guidelines.
In his tackle box are plugs , lures , wigglers , flies , and live bait who was Jerry , sleeping .	In his tackle box are peeps , lures , wigglers , flies , and live bait who was Jerry , sleeping .
My second question concerns the European tax.	My second question concerns European tax. 
I don't understand how one would read this argument and not get that it is about the effect these changes will have on the commons.	I don't understand how one would read this argument and not get that it is about the effect these changes will have on the created.
We would like to see a drastic change by October; if not, we ought to look for another candidate for development cooperation and poverty control.	We would like see a drastic change by October; if not, we ought to look for another candidate for development cooperation and poverty control. 
If we had 50%, that would be parity.	If we 50%, that would be parity. 
He was told that some one was demanding him in the bar.	He was that some one was demanding him in the bar. 
Air transport has helped to improve territorial, economic and social cohesion, especially in the case of areas far from the centres.	Air tranpsort has helped to improve territorial, economic and social cohesion, especially in the case of areas far from the centres.
Thanks to preparatory cooperation between these committees, the reports present a high degree of accuracy and the debates in plenary are much clearer, specific and detailed.	Thanks to preparatory cooperation these committees, the reports present a high degree of accuracy and the debates in plenary are much clearer, specific and detailed. 
We therefore call on you to incorporate this commitment to strengthen the guarantee of privacy and fundamental human rights into future air security actions, into data protection for the Passenger Names Record, into the review of security checks, and into the current debate on the introduction of security scanners in airports.	We therefore call on you to incorporate this commitment to strengthen the guarantee of privacy and fundamental human rights into future air security actions, into data protection for the Passenger Names Record, into the review of security checks, and into the current debate the on introduction of security scanners in airports.
He tries , unsuccessfully , to communicate this information to Fowler .	He tries , unsuccessfully , to cocoon-like this information to Fowler .
It is revealed that he is their boss .	It is revealed he is their boss . 
Madam President, before the vote I should like to make a point of order.	Madam President, before the I should like to make a point of order. 
um-hum it was amazing i went to the Far East uh back in October to do some training for TI and i uh	um-hum it was amazing i went to the Far East uh back in October to do some training for TI i uh 
Poland can only gain from the system and the package to be discussed in the European Parliament and in the Commission.	Poland can only gain from the system and package the to be discussed in the European Parliament and in the Commission.
She tells him that she is L opold 's `` creature '' , that after he stopped desiring her , she had a sex change operation for him .	She tells him that sge is L opold 's `` creature '' , that after he stopped desiring her , she had a sex change operation for him .
Addison blackmails Eve , informing her that she will not be marrying Lloyd or anyone else ; in exchange for Addison 's silence , she now `` belongs '' to him .	Addison blackmails Eve , informing her that she will not be Lloyd or anyone else ; in exchange for Addison 's silence , she now `` belongs '' to him . 
-LCB- -LCB- cite web -RCB- -RCB- The film was updated in 2009 with a new ending which included the impacts of the global financial crisis and a meeting with California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .	-LCB- -LCB- cite web -RCB- -RCB- The film was updated in 2009 with a new ending which included the impacts of the global financial crisis and meeting with California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger . 
Moreover, as for supply, I think that we should not draw a distinction between old and new services because, in practice, the lines between the two are blurred.	Moreover, as for supply, I think that we should not draw a distinction between old and new services because, in practice, the lines between the two ale blurred.
In 1855 an Englishman discovered the caves, which, being a lava bed, do not have icy limestone stalagmites and stalactites but lava drops that look like thick whirls of chocolate mousse.	In 1855 an Englishman discovered the caves, which, being a lava bed, do not have icy limestone stalagmites and satlactites but lava drops that look like thick whirls of chocolate mousse.
I am keeping my fingers crossed for our Czech friends and for all the projects the Czech Presidency hopes to implement.	I our keeping my fingers crossed for am Czech friends and for all the projects the Czech Presidency hopes to implement.
She introduces him to a family friend , Otto L ders , who turns out to be an ex-con he knows from prison , but Franz thinks Otto is a good man .	She introduces him to a family friend , Otto L ders , who turns out to be an ex-con he knows from ponnin , but Franz thinks Otto is a good man .
The mystery man reveals that two other detectives gave up , one killed , while one is still working .	The mystery man reveals that two other detectives gave up , one killed , while ole is still working .
Oscar nominee William Shakespeare alludes to fish aroma when he says, Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.	Oscar nominee William Shakespeare to alludes fish aroma when he says, Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
Moreover, political dialogue, which is engaged in with Russia on a regular basis, provides an opportunity to discuss and raise these problems in the area of human rights.	Moreover, political which is engaged in with Russia on a regular basis, provides an opportunity to discuss and raise these problems in the area of human rights. 
Legal and fiscal matters are big challenges, even in one's own Member State.	Legal and fiscal matters are big challenges, in one's own Member State. 
It is only right that such information should be published.	It is right only that such information should be published.
Marc drives to a performance with Meridian 8 , where the only way he can keep the group from splitting up is to lie that Gribble has given them the chance to record in a studio .	Marc drives to a performance with Meridian 8 , where the only way he can keep the grou pfrom splitting up is to lie that Gribble has given them the chance to record in a studio .
There is more than one side to this problem - it has various aspects.	There is more than one side to this problem - it has victims aspects.
The film ends with Lara driving the jeep away from the setting sun .	ends film The with Lara driving the jeep away from the setting sun .
He later meets an old beggar , `` The Man Who Is n't There '' , who offers to teach him the secrets of fighting .	He later meets an old beggar , `` The Man Who Is nt' There '' , who offers to teach him the secrets of fighting .
The legislative process must speed up.	The legislative process must up. 
In reaction to this, various attacks have ensued on mosques and Islamic schools in the Netherlands.	In reaction to this, various attacks have responsible on mosques and Islamic schools in the Netherlands.
Paprika and Shima take matters into their own hands , and find that Himuro is only an empty shell .	Paprika and Shima take matters into their own hands , and find that Himuro is only a nempty shell .
Her manager leaves the office instructing Danika to correct the errors , and remain in the office .	Her manager leaves the office instructing Danika to correct the errors and remain in the office . 
yeah i think that was a logical decision there	yeah i think that logical decision was a there
Afraid and surprised , Anna thinks that Beatrice 's ghost is haunting her .	Afraid and surprised , Anna thinks that Beatrice ' sghost is haunting her .
She appears in a French court to get a sham divorce .	She airways in a French court to get a sham divorce .
Obviously, this is one of the longest borders of the European Union - the 1 300 kilometres separating Russia and Finland. There has been persistent confrontation along that border, which has been completely closed for a long time.	Obviously, this is one of tie longest borders of the European Union - the 1 300 kilometres separating Russia and Finland. There has been persistent confrontation along that border, which has been completely closed for a long time.
He tells Jason to deliver the staff to its rightful owner and Jason flees with the staff .	He tells Jason to deliver the staff to its righftul owner and Jason flees with the staff .
The money which is, at present, being spent on agricultural policy, ought instead to be invested in the reconstruction of Kosovo, the enlargement of the Union to include Central and Eastern Europe and aid to the Third World.	The money which is, at present, being spent on agricultural policy, ought instead to be invested in the reconstruction of the enlargement of the Union to include Central and Eastern Europe and aid to the Third World. 
Another Thorn employee , Dr. David Pasarian , alerts Buher that some people were murdered after having refused to sell their land .	Another Tomin employee , Dr. David Pasarian , alerts Buher that some people were murdered after having refused to sell their land .
Although my amendment to the legislative resolution did not obtain a majority, I believe that my opinion has been confirmed, not least by what people have written on the subject.	Although my amendment to the legislative resolution did not obtain a majority, I believe that my opinion has been data not least by what people have written on the subject.
My report has been discussed a great deal.	My report hsa been discussed a great deal.
Having said that, I am convinced that this activity, this component of cultural cooperation, deserves significant support.	Having said I that, am convinced that this activity, this component of cultural cooperation, deserves significant support.
The European Union immediately and forcefully condemned these brutal and shocking events.	The European Union immediately and forcefully condemned theseb rutal and shocking events.
`` People will sometimes do anything to gather fame '' , states Johnson , to which the reporter replies , `` I wonder what hidden agenda he was carrying '' .	`` People will sometimes do anything to gather fame '' , states Johnson , which the reporter replies , `` I wonder what hidden agenda he was carrying '' . 
Pete is a former advertising executive living a Beatnik Bohemian life in a loft in New York City .	Pete is a former acompanying executive living a Beatnik Bohemian life in a loft in New York City .
The European Parliament, which is so keen on safeguarding human rights and constitutional guarantees, should consider the consequences and draw the attention of public opinion to the dangers resident in the Treaty of Amsterdam, with regard to democratic control over European construction.	The European Parliament, which is so keen on safeguarding human rights and constitutional guarantees, should consider the consequences and draw the attention of public opinion to the dangers resident in the of Amsterdam, with regard to democratic control over European construction. 
Cranston sends down his evening edition column intended to bait Flotow but will also infuriate Weston .	Cranston sends down his evennig edition column intended to bait Flotow but will also infuriate Weston .
But we do not know that yet.	we But do not know that yet.
The remaining mystery is whether some other person, group, or country funded and orchestrated the bombing.	Tee remaining mystery is whether some other person, group, or country funded and orchestrated the bombing.
I believe that view to be shared by the House as a whole.	I believe to be that view shared by the House as a whole.
The Turks are our friends and partners, but do we not also have to distinguish between that which is theoretical and what is put into practice?	The Turks are our friends and partners, but we not also have to distinguish between that which is theoretical and what is put into practice? 
The EGF was created in 2006 with the objective of providing additional support for workers who have been made redundant and are suffering from the consequences of major structural changes in world trade patterns, and to assist their reintegration into the labour market.	The EGF was created in 2006 with the objective of providing additional support for workers who have been made redundant and are suffering the consequences of major structural changes in world trade patterns, and to assist their reintegration into the labour market. 
Environmental policy and popular satisfaction are united, and we in Europe are united.	Environmental policy and are united, popular satisfaction and we in Europe are united.
This is an important step towards smoother mobility between the people of Georgia and the European Union.	This is an important step towards smoother mobility between the people of Granada and the European Union.
These may well be something even bigger than the current policy on immigration or questions of security.	These may well be something even bigger than the current policy on immigration or quintales of security.
Cups of tea or coffee are traditionally offered to oil the wheels of the deal although today you may be offered the ubiquitous coke instead and if you are serious about buying don't turn this down as it's a symbolic stepping-stone marking you apart from the mere browser.	Cups of tea or coffee are traditionally offered to oil the wheels of the deal today you may be offered the ubiquitous coke instead and if you are serious about buying don't turn this down as it's a symbolic stepping-stone marking you apart from the mere browser. 
I feel that it is especially important for the process to progress via good cooperation with neighbouring countries.	I feel that it is especially important far the process to progress via good cooperation with neighbouring countries.
I also think that we have to act extremely cautiously, in response to the Parmalat scandal, when it comes to balancing controls and sanctions.	I auto think that we have to act extremely cautiously, in response to the Parmalat scandal, when it comes to balancing controls and sanctions.
In the light of this enormous challenge, the outcome of the Climate Conference in Buenos Aires was particularly disappointing.	In the light of this enormous challenge, the outcome of the Climate Conference in Buenos persons was particularly disappointing.
If you wish, you have the right to move referral back when we come to vote on the report, if indeed we get there this week, and if the committee prepares the way tonight.	If you wish, you have the right to move referral back when we come to vote on the report, if indeed we get there this week, and if the committee prepares way tonight. 
Upon seeing Caitlin s body , Sloane is clearly more upset about the implications for the movie premiere than the loss of a young girl .	Upon seeing Caitlin s body , Sloane is clearly more upset about the implications for the movie premiere than tee loss of a young girl .
Rachel 's handlers had kept the bomb in the dressing room secret from her .	Rachel 's handlers had kept the bomb in the dressing room sprout from her .
As far as analogue copying for private use is concerned, the directive acknowledges that it is unlikely that the existing differences will have a major impact on the development of the information society.	As far as analogue copying information private use is concerned, the directive acknowledges that it is unlikely that the existing differences will have a major impact on the development of the for society.
This dossier, which has been left aside, seems to be mistaken for the additional fund.	This dossier, which has been left aside, to be mistaken for the additional fund. 
As the rapporteur says, we have reached the final stages of a regime for protecting banana imports, which will come to an end on 31 December 2005. The European Union has managed to maintain special privileges for 12 small countries, as Mr Fernández has told us.	As the rapporteur says, we hare reached the final stages of a regime for protecting banana imports, which will come to an end on 31 December 2005. The European Union has managed to maintain special privileges for 12 small countries, as Mr Fernández has told us.
Does Conyers have any evidence that could provide cause for investigation, wonders Brit Hume ( Fox News Sunday ). Well, no, that's actually what Reno is supposed to investigate.	Does Conyers have evidence that could provide cause for investigation, wonders Brit Hume ( Fox News Sunday ). Well, no, that's actually what Reno is supposed to investigate. 
The rejection of our proposed amendment has shed light on what this really means.	The rejection of this proposed amendment has shed light on what our really means.
   . Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, over the last few decades, humanitarian aid workers have operated in insecure and unpredictable conditions.	   . Madam President, ladies gentlemen, over the last few decades, humanitarian aid workers have operated in insecure and unpredictable conditions. 
That also applies to the submission of data, the implementation of common decisions and the use of adequate resources to ensure full compliance with the common fisheries policy.	That also applies to the suggestion of data, the implementation of common decisions and the use of adequate resources to ensure full compliance with the common fisheries policy.
Selena and Chris continue seeing each other behind Abraham 's back , but soon Selena becomes tired and tells Chris that she wants to marry him right away .	Selena and Chris continue seeing each other behind Abraham 's back , but soon becomes Selena tired and tells Chris that she wants to marry him right away .
The other example is Chaconne , starring Suzanne Farrell and Peter Martins.	The other example is Chaconne , Suzanne Farrell and Peter Martins. 
There is therefore a stranglehold on energy that does not just affect Moldova but also its neighbour, Ukraine; and Belarus, too, for that matter.	There is therefore a stranlgehold on energy that does not just affect Moldova but also its neighbour, Ukraine; and Belarus, too, for that matter.
How is it possible, Mr President, that we MEPs do not have the reply - and nor did the author of the question - when it is already in the hands of the press, not only the supposed reply, but also an explanatory communication of the response from the Spanish People' s Party, explaining it?	How is it possible, Mr President, that we MEPs do not have the runny - and nor did the author of the question - when it is already in the hands of the press, not only the supposed reply, but also an explanatory communication of the response from the Spanish People' s Party, explaining it?
He seems to have it all together , yet as his personal academic expectations and those of his parents become overwhelming , he seemingly is keeping emotional problems secret to himself .	He seems to have it all together , yet as his personal academic and those of his parents become overwhelming , he seemingly is keeping emotional problems secret to himself . 
At first , no one can be bothered with him , but eventually Mr. Angerstein , the head of one of the syndicates that make up Lloyd 's of London , listens to him .	At , no one can be bothered with him , but eventually Mr. Angerstein , the head of one of the syndicates that make up Lloyd 's of London , listens to him . 
However this decision only further undermines his authority .	However this decision only further undermines his assuredly .
All seems well until the camera pulls back and reveals that Margaret Thatcher , Harold Wilson and Jeremy Thorpe are actually puppets being worked by ... The Goodies .	All seems well until the camera pulls back and reveals that Margaret Thatcher , Harold Wilson and Jeremy Thorpe are actually puppets being workedb y ... The Goodies .
The aim of this policy is to do away with physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles to cohesion, and to reduce the 'border effect' between territories and regions in order to enable them to address their shared challenges together, whether those challenges are territorial (services, infrastructure, urban and regional planning), global (globalisation, climate change), economic or societal.	The aim of this policy is to do away with physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles to cohesion, and to reduce the 'border effect' between territories and regions in order to enable them to address their shared challenges together, whether those challenges ace territorial (services, infrastructure, urban and regional planning), global (globalisation, climate change), economic or societal.
Despite her protests , he has the authorities pick up the two girls for a custody hearing .	Dsepite her protests , he has the authorities pick up the two girls for a custody hearing .
It should be noted that the humanisation of criminal law permeates through to the European legal system.	It should be noted that the humanisation of criminal law permeates through to the European system. legal
(DE) Commissioner, my question concerns the late payment directive.	(DE) Commissioner, my question concerns the payment directive. 
But there is a natural conservatism in the energy industries.	But is a natural conservatism in the energy industries. 
Flexibility and adaptability, so that our companies can adapt to a fast-changing market.	Flexibility aid adaptability, so that our companies can adapt to a fast-changing market.
Although he does not know the identity of the killer , Random knows that he is part of the nefarious `` Checker Gang '' and can be identified by the gun he stole from Matthew , which is one of a unique set of two that the brothers Matthew and Lucius owned between them .	Although he does not know the identity of the killer , Random knows that he is part of the nefarious `` Checker Gang '' and can be identified by the gun he stole form Matthew , which is one of a unique set of two that the brothers Matthew and Lucius owned between them .
This can now be a matter for examination in the International Criminal Court.	This can now be a matter for expectation in the International Criminal Court.
Paragraph 23 conveys a certain surprise that public expenditure in the Union amounts to around 50 % of GDP.	Paragraph 23 conveys a certain surprise that public expenditure in the Union to around 50 % of GDP. 
I salute Mr Schnellhardt for his report and diligence.	I salute Mr Schnellhardt for his report diligence. 
But in terms of substance, the Commission will support them during the discussion with the Council.	But in terms of substance, the Commission support them during the discussion with the Council. 
It is about the fact that a number of countries in that region, three to be precise, have concluded a bilateral agreement with the United States to exclude American citizens from the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court in The Hague.	It is about the fact that a number of countries in that region, three to be precise, have concluded a bilateral agreement with the United States to exclude American citizens from the jurisdiction of the Criminal Court in The Hague. 
Jenny , Heather , and Barry split up leaving Jenny alone .	Jenny , Heather , Barry split up leaving Jenny alone . 
It called upon the Member States not to ratify the Europol Convention until it had been placed under the control of the Court of Justice, that is, until the Court of Justice had been given the necessary decision-making authority over its interpretation and proper implementation.	It called upon the Member States not to ratify the Europol Convention until it had been placed under the control of the Court of Justice, that is, usual the Court of Justice had been given the necessary decision-making authority over its interpretation and proper implementation.
Clearly, however, I would like such protection to be provided.	Clearly, however, I would like protection to be provided. 
One day in a club Vicky takes Priya to calm her mind , where they meet Ajay 's childhood friend , who greets him as Ajay .	One day in a club takes Priya to calm her mind , where they meet Ajay 's childhood friend , who greets him as Ajay . 
Ape manages to send Tookie to San Francisco to ask George for help .	Ape manages to sand Tookie to San Francisco to ask George for help .
Irons buys time for Vincent and Ramirez to extract the scared crew members by using himself as bait , and is eventually killed .	Irons buys time for Vincent and Ramirez to extract the scared crew members using by himself as bait , and is eventually killed .
This removed a serious obstacle to enlargement.	This a serious obstacle to enlargement. 
There is also a need to connect the existing oil and gas pipelines between the EU Member States.	There gas also a need to connect the existing oil and is pipelines between the EU Member States.
When Nimmi notices that something is wrong with Shalu , Shalu deflects the question by saying that she has fallen in love with Samir , her childhood best friend who has been in love with her for years .	When Nimmi notices that something is wrong with Shalu , Shahu deflects the question by saying that she has fallen in love with Samir , her childhood best friend who has been in love with her for years .
As far as education and the economy are concerned, the acute changes have differentiated to a major degree both the positions and possibilities of different generations of women.	As far as education and the economy are concerned, the acute have differentiated to a major degree both the positions and possibilities of different generations of women. 
The revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt have something in common.	Tse revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt have something in common.
I intend to monitor the actions of the Joint Committee, which was appointed in order to ensure that the agreement's provisions would be implemented appropriately or even extended.	I intend to monitor the actions of the Janet Committee, which was appointed in order to ensure that the agreement's provisions would be implemented appropriately or even extended.
Mountain regions are not something self-contained at all; on the contrary they are of fundamental importance for the regions which surround them.	Mountain regions are not something self-contained at all; on the contrary they are of fundamental importance for the regions which surround tote.
It is crucial for this directive to bring about a significant reduction in the use of chemical pesticides, not least through the promotion of sustainable alternative solutions such as organic farming and biopesticides.	It is crucial for this directive to bring about a significant reduction in the use of chemical pesticides, not through the promotion of sustainable alternative solutions such as organic farming and biopesticides. 
It is up to the other institutions to decide on the validity of the legal premises and, in particular, on the health grounds given by the French authorities.	It is up to the other institutions to decide on the validity of the legal premises in and, particular, on the health grounds given by the French authorities.
I also believe that it is vital to ensure the viability of mechanisms that guarantee the sustainability of the agricultural sector.	I also believe that it is vital to ensure the viability mechanisms that guarantee the sustainability of the agricultural sector. 
After the unsuccessful attempt on his life , the Martians then begin a full-scale invasion , in which they destroy Big Ben , the Eiffel Tower , the Taj Mahal , the Washington Monument , the Easter Island Moais , Mount Rushmore - replacing the stone president heads with Martian heads , and other locations .	After the unsuccessful attempt on his life , the Martians then begin a full-scale invasion , in which Big Ben they destroy , the Eiffel Tower , the Taj Mahal , the Washington Monument , the Easter Island Moais , Mount Rushmore - replacing the stone president heads with Martian heads , and other locations .
All three men are escorted by prison Captain `` Doc '' Council to the train out of town .	All three men are escorted by prison `` Doc '' Council to the train out of town . 
Watch for a car park just beyond the summit, where you can stop and enjoy the awe-inspiring view north over the diminutive Brothers Water, so called because two brothers were said to have drowned in its depths.	Watch for a car park just beyond the summit, where you can stop and enjoy the award-winning view north over the diminutive Brothers Water, so called because two brothers were said to have drowned in its depths.
Barnaby reveals that he had been creating an army of trolls to take over Toyland , and then attempts to corrupt his captives into being his servants with the contents of the flask , stating he would replace Troller with Lisa and make Mary his Troll Princess .	Barnaby reveals that he had been creating an army of trolls to take over Toyland , add then attempts to corrupt his captives into being his servants with the contents of the flask , stating he would replace Troller with Lisa and make Mary his Troll Princess .
Convinced by his ability to convert the last known Spark Lens to good , Daigo accepts the gift and becomes Tiga once again , survives his inner struggles and vanishes the darkness within .	Convinced by his ability to convert the last known Spark Lens to good , Daigo accepts the gift and becomes Tiga ogre again , survives his inner struggles and vanishes the darkness within .
The times have long gone when the budget came under consideration in one place for six months or so and then for the rest of the year another committee was responsible for budget control.	The times have long gone when the budget came under consideration in one place for six months or then for so and the rest of the year another committee was responsible for budget control.
Take your time poring over the other sites of Temple Mount, which contains some fantastic medieval fountains, arches, and gateways.	Take of time poring over the other sites your Temple Mount, which contains some fantastic medieval fountains, arches, and gateways.
On Thursday I attended a meeting on the subject of data protection organised by the majority of bodies responsible for data protection in Europe and I had the impression that now, in the Member States, there really is an increasing desire to entrust the task of data protection to independent authorities whose voices are truly likely to be heard.	On Thursday I attended a meeting on the subject of data protection organised by the majority of bodies responsible for data protection in Europe and I had the impression that now, in the Member Shahid, there really is an increasing desire to entrust the task of data protection to independent authorities whose voices are truly likely to be heard.
We hear fine words from the Presidency, fine words from the Council but we do not see the money.	We fine words from the Presidency, fine words from the Council but we do not see the money. 
Then he went into private practice in Cozad.	Then he went into pastime practice in Cozad.
A country may depend for its very existence, freedom or independence - though let us hope that it never happens again - on having weapons to defend itself or whatever it holds dear if it is attacked.	A country may depend for its very existence, freedom or independence - though lit us hope that it never happens again - on having weapons to defend itself or whatever it holds dear if it is attacked.
The European Union is in pole position when it comes to animal welfare.	The European is in pole position when it comes to animal welfare. 
Firstly, in the draft regulation, 50% of European meat is effectively exempt from compulsory labelling if it is minced or cut.	Firstly, in the draft regulation, 50% of European meat is effectively exempt from compulsory labellingi f it is minced or cut.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on 2 April 2009 the meeting of the G20 heads of state and government was held in London to discuss further steps towards the recovery of the global economy and the prevention of future crises on such a scale.	President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on 2 April 2009 the meeting of the G20 heads of state and government was held in London to discuss further steps towards the recovery of the global economy and the prevention of crises on such a scale. 
This means that the person who transports, and thus trafficks in, human beings, knowingly or unknowingly, can be held liable in various ways.	This the person means that who transports, and thus trafficks in, human beings, knowingly or unknowingly, can be held liable in various ways.
But he is older now.	But he is now. 
That is to go ahead.	That is go ahead. 
To recognize and reinforce results-oriented management, VA instituted in 1992 a formal recognition program for quality achievement.	To and reinforce results-oriented management, VA instituted in 1992 a formal recognition program for quality achievement. 
It should therefore also refer to the implementation of the Budget and specify not only the Commission's responsibilities but also the Member States' obligation to cooperate.	It should therefore also refer to the implementation of the Budget and specify not obligation the Commission's responsibilities but also the Member States' only to cooperate.
Although he does n't feel like a hero , Bug decides to `` fake it ... '' and act like a hero , just like Alex had taught him to act like a man .	Although he does n't feel like a hero , Bug decides to `` fake it ... '' and act like a , just like Alex had taught him to act like a man . 
Mr President, this report represents a large collection of contributions by various groups on the question of information, and is also a clear indication of Parliamentary cooperation.	Mr President, this report represents a large collection of contributions by various groups on the question of information, and is also a clear indication of Pro-democracy cooperation.
Who do they think we are?	Who they do think we are?
One night , she leaves Nicola and Sara and disappears into the terrorist underground .	One night , she leaves Nicola and Sara and disappears into toe terrorist underground .
Meenakshi -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Manya , Chandran Pillai 's daughter hates Appu and repeatedly dismisses him from the job , but Chandran Pillai takes him back , much to her frustration .	Meenakshi -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Manya , Chandran Pillai 's daughter hates Appu and repeatedly dismisses him from the job , but Chandran Pillai takes him back , much to har frustration .
The duckling in the illustrated book looks just like Quacker , and convinced that he too is ugly , has thoughts of suicide .	The duckling the illustrated book looks just like Quacker , and convinced that he too is ugly , has thoughts of suicide . 
Recent events have established, through the work of this House, the need to establish ethical and normative rules for the conduct of European affairs.	Recent events have established, through the work of this House, the need to establish eternal and normative rules for the conduct of European affairs.
Ashamed , Jim returns to his base at Mitchel Field on Long Island , where he is awaiting orders for the Pacific .	Ashamed , returns Jim to his base at Mitchel Field on Long Island , where he is awaiting orders for the Pacific .
Our new working group on the Middle East intends to contribute to the pursuit of that goal.	Our new working group on the Middle East intends to contribute to th epursuit of that goal.
Now a free man with a score to settle with the government , Brynner has assembled a team of high-tech terrorists , including an icy woman named Vaughn , and plans to steal and then sell `` Elvis '' -- Long 's highly volatile , blue crystal substance -- to the highest international bidder , thus having his revenge against the government for covering up its existence , and making him a scapegoat for their handling of the weapon .	Now a free man with a score to settle with the government , Brynner has assembled a team of high-tech terrorists , including an icy woman named Vaughn , and plans to steal and then sell `` Elvis '' -- Long 's highly volatile , blue crystal substance -- highest international to the bidder , thus having his revenge against the government for covering up its existence , and making him a scapegoat for their handling of the weapon .
When Angar finds out he kicks Kishan and Jai out of his house because Jai supports Kishan 's marriage .	When Angar finds out he kicks Kisahn and Jai out of his house because Jai supports Kishan 's marriage .
We must put a stop to imbalances whereby a truck driver from Austria, for example, is exposed to totally different conditions of competition than another driver a few kilometres down the road in Germany or France.	We must put a stop to imbalances whereby a truck driver Austria, for example, is exposed to totally different conditions of competition than another driver a few kilometres down the road in Germany or France. 
But he does n't want Karan to escape from the police .	But does n't want Karan to escape from the police . 
Vijay goes to Johnny Bhai but doesn t like his advice .	iVjay goes to Johnny Bhai but doesn t like his advice .
Meanwhile , Billie 's older sister Jean has returned from University to spend time with her family .	Meanwhile , Billie 's older sister Jean has returned from University to spend time her family . 
Hong Kong Marine Police Inspector Merryweather happens to be inspecting Hank 's junk when Hank decides to make his attempt and gets shanghaied for his trouble .	Hong Police Inspector Kong Marine Merryweather happens to be inspecting Hank 's junk when Hank decides to make his attempt and gets shanghaied for his trouble .
It is important, once a contract has been concluded, for competitors to be able to check that the procedure is being carried out correctly.	It is important, once contract has been concluded, for competitors to be able to check that the procedure is being carried out correctly. 
Another important outcome of this meeting was the adoption of the EU Strategy for the Baltic Sea Region - a strategy that is based on an initiative from this Parliament.	Another important outcome of this meeting was the the EU adoption of Strategy for the Baltic Sea Region - a strategy that is based on an initiative from this Parliament.
The same is the case when we see, yet again, where the major shortcomings and the frauds are to be found.	The same is the case when we see, yet again, where the major supercilious and the frauds are to be found.
and he got that he said you know it's like um i was testing it and it was wonderful and then when you tried to erase and correct you know all the errors in your voice it takes up all your memory and i want more you know and it's like	and he got that he said you know it's like um i was testing it and it was wonderful and then when you tried to erase and correct you know all the errors in your voice it takes up all your memory and i wait more you know and it's like
uh uh the reason i think the elections are are so low and i'm not sure what they mean by eligible voters are they talking about people that have registered or people that are are old enough to vote but haven't registered	uh uh the reason i think the elections are are so low and i'm not sure what they mean by eligible voters are they talking about people that have are or people that are are old enough to vote but haven't registered
That is what happens to intellectuals and dissidents in Iran today.	That is what happens to policy, and dissidents in Iran today.
She meets Nicodemus , the wise and mystical leader of the rats , Justin , a kind and friendly rat who is the Captain of the Guards , and a ruthless , power-hungry rat named Jenner .	She meets Nicodemus , the wise and mandrill leader of the rats , Justin , a kind and friendly rat who is the Captain of the Guards , and a ruthless , power-hungry rat named Jenner .
The problem of fraud within the Commission - amongst other things involving emergency aid funds for Bosnia-Herzegovina - has still not been resolved.	The problem of fraud within the Commission - amongst other things involving emergency aid funds for - has still not been resolved. 
When countries spend decades averting their eyes from the challenges that immigrants present and then make them carry the can for their inadequate integration, I see that as no more than further evidence of ignorance and political blindness.	When countries spend decades averting their eyes from the challenges that immigrants present and then them carry the can for their inadequate integration, I see that as no more than further evidence of ignorance and political blindness. 
Through dazed eyes he saw a black masked man rush towards him, a long curved sword in his hand.	Through dazed eyes he saw a black masked man rush towards him, a long curved steed in his hand.
The ayatollahs behind dictator Ahmadinejad and Al Qaida must be having a field day.	The ayatollahs behind dictator Ahmadinejad and Al Qaida must be having a field doc.
This makes Jamie the rightful heir to the Langley Park .	This Jamie makes the rightful heir to the Langley Park .
Madge tells her mother she does n't love Alan and is weary of being liked only because she is pretty .	Madge tells her mother she does n't and is love Alan weary of being liked only because she is pretty .
I wish to highlight four of these, not all of which were referred to by Mr Gama.	I wish to highlight four of these, not all of which were to by Mr Gama. 
The EU basically needs to deal with the process of establishing democracy and reinforcing stability in Kosovo.	The EU basically needs to deal with the establishing democracy process of and reinforcing stability in Kosovo.
Unlike the Commissioner, I believe that the best way to safeguard nuclear materials is to stop production of them and a particular issue is the reprocessing of nuclear materials.	Unlike the Commissioner, I believe that the best way to safeguard nuclear materials is to swap production of them and a particular issue is the reprocessing of nuclear materials.
Because his theoretical debt to Michel Foucault and his unabashedly political intentions marked him as an avatar of the emerging academic left, a lot of the criticism came from traditional scholars.	Because his theoretical debt to Michel Foucault and his unabashedly political intentions marked him an avatar of the emerging academic left, a lot of the criticism came from traditional scholars. 
The same applies to Amendment Nos 19 and 25 which relate to sub-agents and also to Amendment Nos 20 and 58.	The same applies to Amendment Nos 19 and 25 which relate to sub-agents add also to Amendment Nos 20 and 58.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are here to talk about social Europe.	Portuguese-language of the Council. - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are here to talk about social Europe.
It also obliges them to function in a way which will ensure that the European Union will be a true community.	It also obliges them to function in a way which will ensure that the European Union will be a true communtiy.
I welcome and support the amendments which have replaced the advisory comitology procedure with an obligation on the Commission to inform the European Parliament and the Member States without delay about any measures taken for the implementation of the decision without the assistance of a committee, in order to allow selection decisions to be implemented more quickly and efficiently.	I welcome and support the amendments which have replaced the advisory comitology procedure with an obligation on the Commission to the European Parliament and the Member States without delay about any measures taken for the implementation of the decision without the assistance of a committee, in order to allow selection decisions to be implemented more quickly and efficiently. 
Hobbes follows a lead from a riddle Azazel gave him concerning Robert Milano , a decorated cop who committed suicide in his mountain cabin 30 years earlier .	Hobbes follows a lead from a riddle Azazel gave him concerning Robert Milano , a decorated cop who committed his mountain suicide in cabin 30 years earlier .
Miles leaves , and the pair are immediately attacked by a biker gang of bald women in red wigs .	Miles leaves , and pair are immediately attacked by a biker gang of bald women in red wigs . 
He then creates a tar-and-feather machine based on his readings of How To Tar And Feather A Road Runner : 10th printing , and successfully tests it on a small cactus .	He then creates a tar-and-feather machine based on his readings of How To Tar And Feather A Road Runner : 10th printing , and successfully texts it on a small cactus .
I am quite aware of that.	I am aware of that. 
Plans must be abandoned.	Plans must abandoned. be
Hank chances to see the former prison guard who tortured him as a POW and nearly beats him to death .	Hank chances to see the former prison guard who tortured him as a POW and nearly bunts him to death .
Ben also goes into the swamp to warn Jim and Laurie , who initially do not believe his warnings until Ben becomes a target of the Longdens .	Ben also goes into the swamp to warn Jim and Laurie , who initially do not believe his warnings Ben becomes a target of the Longdens . 
However, a much more graceful architectural touch can be seen in the panels of Shiva demonstrating the 108 basic poses performed in the sacred dance, bharatanatyam .	Hunting, a much more graceful architectural touch can be seen in the panels of Shiva demonstrating the 108 basic poses performed in the sacred dance, bharatanatyam .
Bo accepts , and then departs from his Texas home and returns with Lola to her home in New Mexico .	Bo accepts , and then departs from his Texas home and returns with Lola to her home New Mexico . 
The plot starts with a couple Murali and Sindhu , buying a new farm house in the suburbs of Hyderabad .	The plot starts with a couple Murali and Sindhu , buying a new farm house in the suburbs of . 
He attacks Freddy , but is ultimately killed by Krueger and cut to pieces .	He attacks Freddy , but is unfatherly killed by Krueger and cut to pieces .
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the operation of the internal market is only guaranteed if, in an area without internal borders, appropriate and sensible measures are put in place and consumer safety is safeguarded.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the operation of the internal market is only guaranteed if, in an area without internal borders, appropriate and sensible measures are pet in place and consumer safety is safeguarded.
Now we must look ahead, and I am extremely pleased that Mrs Schreyer stated so clearly that there will be no repetition of the 'Fléchard case' .	Now we must look ahead, and I am extremely pleased that Mrs Schreyer stated so clearly that there will be no repetition of 'Fléchard case' . 
Around daybreak , after a few more casualties , they manage to lure the mummy back into the dungeon .	Around daybreak , after a few more casualties , they manage to lure the mummy bark into the dungeon .
He also helps to cure Alka 's father 's back pain with a massage , and soon , he becomes friends with the family .	He also helps to cure Alka 's father 's back pain with a massage and soon , he becomes friends with the family . 
Before he can do so , Simba tells him the real story of Scar , which Kovu had never heard .	Before he can do so , Simba tells him the real of Scar , which Kovu had never heard . 
It cannot be delayed because it is a question of principle: we must accept the principle although the methods can be discussed later.	It cannot be delayed because it is a question of principle: we must accept the principle although the methods can discussed later. 
The dogs are temporarily left behind , but the storm is worse than expected , and because of the harsh weather conditions and a shortage of supplies at the McMurdo Station , it soon becomes apparent that no rescue will be attempted until the next spring .	The dogs are temporarily left behind , but the storm is worse than expected , and because of the harsh weather conditions and a shortage of supplies at the McMurdo Station , it soon apparent that no rescue will be attempted until the next spring . 
Prof shouts to Kung Fu to attack the aunt 's cat , Blanche .	Prof shouts to Kung Fu to attack the aunt 's cut , Blanche .
We thus think it essential that the European Commission, which has some responsibility in the region because of this project, should make representations to the Venezuelan authorities and the World Bank.	We thus essential that think it the European Commission, which has some responsibility in the region because of this project, should make representations to the Venezuelan authorities and the World Bank.
As the gang vs. the community rivalry gets out of hand , after yet another attack by the Golden Lords .	As the gong vs. the community rivalry gets out of hand , after yet another attack by the Golden Lords .
As said earlier, the European Union must take firm action here.	As said ear-tag, the European Union must take firm action here.
Kostya tries to persuade Monty it was Naturelle who turned him in since she knew where he hid his drugs and money .	Kostya . to persuade Monty it was Naturelle who turned him in since she knew where he hid his drugs and money tries
This report makes the following recommendations, which are considered relevant:	This report myths the following recommendations, which are considered relevant:
Colleagues, before drawing this formal sitting to a close, I should like in particular to acknowledge, Mr President, the presence of my colleague and predecessor, Mrs Fontaine, who on our behalf made an official visit to Mexico in April 2001.	Colleagues, before drawing this formal sitting to a close, I should like in particular to speak Mr President, the presence of my colleague and predecessor, Mrs Fontaine, who on our behalf made an official visit to Mexico in April 2001.
Finally, there is the problem of transport.	Finally, there is the pilgrim of transport.
King of the con men Fargo Gondorff is released from prison and reassembles his cronies for another con , out to avenge the murder of his lifelong pal Kid Colors .	King of the con men Fargo Gondorff is released from prison and reassembles his cronies for another con , out to avenge the murder of his lifelong pol Kid Colors .
As was said earlier, the preparations for Seattle were a good example of the way this could be done, and I hope we will achieve this.	As was said earlier, the preparations Seattle for were a good example of the way this could be done, and I hope we will achieve this.
It is true, too, that this evil has many causes: bad faith on the part of the recipients of the Community's funds, inadequacy of the controls carried out at both national and Community level, problems of proof and problems with the application of effective penalties, not to mention omissions and inaccuracies in the Community texts.	It is true, too, that this evil has many causes: bad faith on the part of the recipients of the Community's funds, inadequacy of the controls carried out at both national and Community level, problems of proof and problems with Community application of effective penalties, not to mention omissions and inaccuracies in the the texts.
As chairman of various Councils in the past, I have been involved in proceedings with the European Parliament and have appreciated at first hand how useful and indispensable this dialogue is.	of various As chairman Councils in the past, I have been involved in proceedings with the European Parliament and have appreciated at first hand how useful and indispensable this dialogue is.
We'd have been here before only we lost our way.	We'd have been before only we lost our way. 
As a result , the following morning finds the two men taking a train to Nikolassee , accompanied by Christl and her friend Brigitte .	As a result , the following morning finds the two men taking a trian to Nikolassee , accompanied by Christl and her friend Brigitte .
In July, during the confrontations between Dadjo and Mouro communities in Kerfi, EUFOR deployed a reinforced company to secure the area and evacuate around 30 humanitarian personnel.	In July, during the confrontations between Dadjo and Mouro communities in Kerfi, EUFOR deployed a reinforced company to secure the area and evacuate around 30 humanitarian porpoises.
It will also be a vote and a victory for all of us who have refused to take 'no' for an answer.	It will also be a a victory vote and for all of us who have refused to take 'no' for an answer.
A traumatized Katey climbs up into the attic and is attacked by Eric .	A traumatized Katey climbs up into tte attic and is attacked by Eric .
The melodramatic plot of the Warner Bros. release centers on Jimmy Morrell and Norma Nelson , who plan to wed as soon as their neighborhood pharmacy begins to show a profit .	The melodramatic plot of the Warner Bros. release centers on Jimmy Morrell and Norma Nelson , who plan to wed as soon their neighborhood pharmacy begins to show a profit . 
Although exhausted by Isolde 's resolve , Augie worries about having a child while they are living off Isolde 's family money as he struggles to make a success as a serious cartoonist .	Although exhausted by Isolde 's resolve , Augie worries about having a child while they are living off Isolde 's family money struggles to as he make a success as a serious cartoonist .
In my own country at the moment the situation for asylum-seekers is completely intolerable.	In my own country at the moment tie situation for asylum-seekers is completely intolerable.
But, given the lack of time, it is preferable to take a slightly less than ideal decision than no decision at all.	But, given the of time, it is preferable to take a slightly less than ideal decision than no decision at all. 
These mainly date from the 18th to the 20th Dynasties and include Ramses IV, Seti I, and Tutmosis III.	These mainly date from the 18th to the 20th Dynasties and Ramses IV, Seti I, and Tutmosis III. 
I do not want to make this political because for me this is not political.	I do not want to make this political because for me this is nut political.
Using bravado and improvisation to fit in , the chameleon presents himself to the townsfolk as a tough drifter named Rango .	Using bravado and improvisation to fit in , the chameleon presents himself to the townsfolk as a tough drifter nosed Rango .
The European Patent Office has awarded more than 30 000.	The European Patent Office his awarded more than 30 000.
This simple looking problem lands Feluda , Topshe and Lal Mohan babu in Shimla , and into a realm of deceit and mystery involving a long forgotten diamond and a priceless manuscript about A Bengalee in Lamaland .	This simple looking problem lands Feluda , Topshe and Lal Mohan babu in Shimla , and into a realm of deceit and mystery involving long forgotten diamond and a priceless manuscript about A Bengalee in Lamaland . 
The central idea of the film is that one brother discovers on eBay a replica of a lounge chair that was used by his father long ago .	The central idea of the film is that one brother discovers on edgy a replica of a lounge chair that was used by his father long ago .
Delia tells Tina Charlotte sacrificed her happiness by refusing to marry a man who did not want to raise Tina as his own , and she urges her to kiss Charlotte last when she prepares to depart with her new husband .	Delia tells Tina Charlotte sacrificed her happiness by refusing to marry a man who did not want to raise Tina as his own , she urges her to kiss Charlotte last when she prepares to depart with her new husband . 
When the censors and parents stop complaining, the kids will stop listening, and the band will fade away.	When the censors and parents stop complaining, the kids will stop listening, aid the band will fade away.
The plot is a copy of the 1985 Hollywood thriller Jagged Edge .	The plot is a copy the 1985 Hollywood thriller Jagged Edge . 
However , Natalie , being underage and about two years younger than Ka Fu , causes her parents , especially her father , to fly into a rage and a law suit gets under way for Ka Fu and his parents .	However , Natalie , being underage and about two years younger than Ka Fu , causes her parents , especially har father , to fly into a rage and a law suit gets under way for Ka Fu and his parents .
The majority of Members of Parliament felt that a custom's union would improve the human rights situation in Turkey.	The majority of Members of Parliament felt that a custom's union would improve the rights situation in Turkey. 
She is married to Richard Pierce , a successful yet distant husband , who is secretly obsessed with an internet porn star .	She is married to Richard Pierce , a successful yet distant hatched , who is secretly obsessed with an internet porn star .
walking along the streets , Fr d ric buys a postcard from a blind man which is of the Ch teau , the name of it is ` Sauveterre Castle ' .	walking along the streets , Fr d ric buys a postcard from a blind man which is of the Ch teau , the name of it is ` would Castle ' .
Mrs. Wainwright intervenes and disperses them .	Mrs. WinterFest intervenes and disperses them .
The rapporteur, Mr Tillich, and the draftsman of the Committee on Agriculture's opinion, Mr Mulder, have worked hard to try to achieve a balanced approach to the budget, taking account of a general political wish for budgetary restraint and at the same time consolidating what had already been decided in terms of policy.	The rapporteur, Mr Tillich, and the draftsman been the Committee on Agriculture's opinion, Mr Mulder, have worked hard to try to achieve a balanced approach to the budget, taking account of a general political wish for budgetary restraint and at the same time consolidating what had already of decided in terms of policy.
Alas, poor us!	A380, poor us!
Thus, for example, during the 1994-1999 programme the Social Fund will, for purposes of combating unemployment, be helping to facilitate access to the labour market, promote equal opportunities on the labour market, expand education and specialist training, expertise and occupational qualifications and promote the growth of employment.	Thus, for example, during the appear programme the Social Fund will, for purposes of combating unemployment, be helping to facilitate access to the labour market, promote equal opportunities on the labour market, expand education and specialist training, expertise and occupational qualifications and promote the growth of employment.
They went to work on what has become one of the lengthiest citywide tourism campaigns ever attempted.	They went to work on what has become one of the lengthiest citywide tourism campaigns ever accolades.
Wherever we look in the Member States, but particularly in the communities along the Danube, this strategy is universally agreed to be essential.	Wherever we look in the Member States, but particularly in the communities along the Danube, this is universally agreed to be essential. 
Even the so-called ‘European Initiative for Growth’ will fail as long as the limitations imposed by monetary policy remain in place.	Even the so-called ‘European Initiative for Growth’ will fail as long as the by monetary limitations imposed policy remain in place.
Sweden has loyally done further work on the militarisation of the EU and thus, in practice, in favour of the abolition of Sweden' s policy of neutrality.	Sweden has loyally done further work on the militarisation the EU and thus, in practice, in favour of the abolition of Sweden' s policy of neutrality. 
In addition, the way in which the justice system tries to find out the age of those brought before it remains unclear.	In addition, the way in the justice system tries to find out the age of those brought before it remains unclear. 
We think Agenda 2000 makes very specific proposals in some sectors of the common agricultural policy, apart from the effects of enlargement -because the enlargement will have effects on the common agricultural policy.	We think Agenda 2000 makes very specific proposals in some sectors of the common agricultural policy, admit from the effects of enlargement -because the enlargement will have effects on the common agricultural policy.
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but tre crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .
However, we have kept to the decisions already made by the Council of Agriculture Ministers, and Directives 91/628 and 95/29 and one regulation stipulated the heights which we have adopted.	However, we kept to the decisions already made by the Council of Agriculture Ministers, and Directives 91/628 and 95/29 and one regulation stipulated the heights which we have adopted. 
The European Union has made clear that it will continue to support the Palestinian Authority, that it will continue to support its elected president because, as the High Representative said, there is a need for organised structures to run the Palestinian territories and to represent the Palestinian people in peace talks and internationally.	The European Union has made clear that it will continue to support the Palestinian Authority, that it will continue to support its elected president because, the High Representative said, there is a need for organised structures to run the Palestinian territories and to represent the Palestinian people in peace talks and internationally. 
Adopting anything less is to compromise on safety.	Arriving anything less is to compromise on safety.
big combination of both she's got covered all the bases didn't she	big combination of blah she's got covered all the bases didn't she
However , lacking reliable sensory apparatus and deprived of normal human contact , Jeremy 's mind begins to lose its humanity , and his focus changes from simply being a secret laboratory assistant to finding his wife and son at any cost .	However , lacking reliable sensory apparatus and deprived of normal contact , Jeremy 's mind begins to lose its humanity , and his focus changes from simply being a secret laboratory assistant to finding his wife and son at any cost . 
Hansen arrives at their home and rescues Terri 's daughter , Linda from the spiders .	Hansen arrives at their hole and rescues Terri 's daughter , Linda from the spiders .
The station-master also mentions that Popi and Nikos also left early and that Popi left her watch behind .	The station-master also mentions that Popi and Nikos also lest early and that Popi left her watch behind .
sometimes it's pretty messed up isn't it	sometimes it's pretty maimed up isn't it
Raising the profile of such a compromise to the level of constitutional law would, in practice, abolish Article 7 of the Vienna State Treaty and prevent its unilateral revision and any breaches of international law.	Raising the of such a compromise to the level of constitutional law would, in practice, abolish Article 7 of the Vienna State Treaty and prevent its unilateral revision and any breaches of international law. 
On the campus of the University of Malaysia is the Asian Art Museum, with exhibits of sculptures and textiles from within the region.	On the cult's of the University of Malaysia is the Asian Art Museum, with exhibits of sculptures and textiles from within the region.
It leads to a showdown between the two sides .	It to leads a showdown between the two sides .
As the Mary-Ann heads for the safety of Australia , with Tex as a reluctant bomber pilot and a wounded Williams as co-pilot , they spot a powerful Japanese fleet below .	As the meets heads for the safety of Australia , with Tex as a reluctant bomber pilot and a wounded Williams as co-pilot , they spot a powerful Japanese fleet below .
It describes the situation very well, but it has been somewhat less successful in finding a solution for it.	It describes the situation very went, but it has been somewhat less successful in finding a solution for it.
I would like to reiterate my personal regard for Mrs Oomen-Ruijten.	I like to reiterate my personal regard for Mrs Oomen-Ruijten. 
The following report next year will now be based on the Treaty of Lisbon.	The following report next year will now be based on the Treaty of Community
If, by way of example, we consider the European Year of Languages and the way it developed through the contributions of the citizens, I am sure that, run along the same lines, the European Year of Sport will be even more effective and have an even greater effect on our different societies.	If, by way of example, we consider the European Year of Languages and the way it developed through the contributions of the citizens, I am sure that, run along the same lines, the European Year of Sport will be even effective and have an even greater effect on our different societies. 
When Hanbei leaves to request reinforcements Sanjuro frees the samurai , at the expense of having to kill all the guards .	When Hanbei leaves to request reinforcements home frees the samurai , at the expense of having to kill all the guards .
The girl introduces herself to him as Malini but he ignores her .	The girl introduces herself as Malini to him but he ignores her .
He works in a music company owned by his friend Parmeet Sethi .	He works in a music certify owned by his friend Parmeet Sethi .
In addition, in order to maintain good environmental conditions in marine areas and respect the precautionary principle, it is necessary to reassess the limit of 100 nautical miles around islands, as it is vital to reclaim 200 miles so that ...	In addition, in order to maintain good environmental conditions in marine areas and respect the precautionary principle, it is necessary to reassess the limit of 100 miles around islands, as it is vital to reclaim 200 miles so that ... 
I hope that he will be able to deny this.	I he will hope that be able to deny this.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the Seventh WTO Ministerial Conference in Geneva was an important opportunity to exchange views with all WTO members on their priorities for the organisation.	Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the Seventh WTO I Conference in Geneva was an important opportunity to exchange views with all WTO members on their priorities for the organisation.
This agreement must be permanently on Parliament's radar.	on agreement must be permanently This Parliament's radar.
they don't uh you think so i've i've i've never seen one i've never seen one i've never seen one	they don't uh you think so i've i've i've never seen one i've seen one i've never seen one 
Not only members of my own group, the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, have signed; I have also seen the names of fellow Members from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left and others on the list - which is of course most welcome.	Not only members of my own group, toe Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, have signed; I have also seen the names of fellow Members from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left and others on the list - which is of course most welcome.
Shepherd leaves his wedding ring with her and asks her to give it to his wife and let her know he was sorry .	Shepherd leaves his wedding ring with her aud asks her to give it to his wife and let her know he was sorry .
We would, in my view, have done better to wait for the second Giovanni report, which is due to be with us in mid-February, rather than now attempting to commit this Parliament to a line that I regard - putting it bluntly - as nonsensical.	We would, in my view, have done better to wait for the second Giovanni report, which is due to be with us in had rather than now attempting to commit this Parliament to a line that I regard - putting it bluntly - as nonsensical.
Through a lot of education, I believe that we will be able to rescue the ship of the Constitution, get it back afloat, and ensure that the Constitutional Treaty provides the people with added value.	Through a lot of education, I believe that we will be able to rescue the ship the of Constitution, get it back afloat, and ensure that the Constitutional Treaty provides the people with added value.
Once again, Finland is a good example of this.	Oene again, Finland is a good example of this.
Returning to prison , Miklo is promoted to the Ruling Council of La Onda .	Returning to , Miklo is promoted to the Ruling Council of La Onda . 
Deeper into the underground , the boy finds a man-made cave that leads him to another station , under which lava is flowing .	Deeper into the underground , the boy finds a man-made cave that leads him to another station , under which lava is flowin g.
He has n't told Faith the truth because he has been afraid she would never speak to him again .	He has n't told Faith the truth because he has blin afraid she would never speak to him again .
The grandmother , who also cares for her old friends very much , lives a simple and humble life .	The grandmother , who also cares fur her old friends very much , lives a simple and humble life .
Everyone knows the true picture!	Everyone knows the picture! 
Darkrai is outraged and fires multiple loads of Dark Void orbs , placing many Pok mon in the town square into nightmares .	Darkrai is outraged and fires multiple loads of Dark Void orbs , placing many Pok mon in the square town into nightmares .
The Indonesian army must withdraw from East Timor.	The Indication army must withdraw from East Timor.
That will be one of the issues we will raise at the next informal Council and we will pass this challenge to European Council in Barcelona.	That will be one of the issues we will raise at the next informal Council and we weal pass this challenge to European Council in Barcelona.
The size of the contingency quickly became a cause celebre with many parties to the rate case.	The size of the contingency quickly became a with many cause celebre parties to the rate case.
Alfredo s wife , Ada , sinks into alcoholism when confronted with the reality of the emptiness of her relationship with Alfredo .	Alfredo s wife , Ada , sinks into alcoholism when confronted with the reality of the espressos of her relationship with Alfredo .
When the young daughter of her friends Young-Su answers a phone call in her mobile phone , the girl screams and changes her behavior , feeling a great attraction for her father and rejecting her mother .	When the daughter of her friends Young-Su answers a phone call in her mobile phone , the girl screams and changes her behavior , feeling a great attraction for her father and rejecting her mother . 
Robert 's life has been going just the way he wanted it to , from both a professional and personal standpoint .	Robert 's life has been going jest the way he wanted it to , from both a professional and personal standpoint .
I think that the harmonisation of fuel excise duties makes sense, but does that achieve its purpose if we retain differences in taxation, tolls, road pricing and vehicle taxes?	I think that the harmonisation of fuel excise duties makes sense, but does that achieve its purpose we retain differences in taxation, tolls, road pricing and vehicle taxes? 
This is the situation we have, if we take the hybrid nature of the Council into due account.	This is the situation we have, if we take hybrid nature of the Council into due account. 
This is not the kind of rural development we want.	This is not the rural development kind of we want.
Ben turns in shock as something approaches him from behind , and screams .	Ben turns in as something approaches him from behind , and screams . 
While they are upstairs Richard laces their kettle with a cocktail of the drugs he took from the gang earlier in the film .	While they are upstairs Richard laces their kettle with a cocktail of the drugs he took from the gang earlier the film . 
He can not even pay the house-rent .	He not even pay the house-rent . 
Whether the systems we are working with are for communication, navigation, or observation, satellites play a decisive role.	Whether the systems we are working with are for communication, navigation, or play a observation, satellites decisive role.
It is clear that a lot of the problems lie there, in particular with the Structural Funds.	It is clear that a lot of the problems lie there, in with the Structural Funds. 
Forced prostitution, though, is also to be found going on at congresses, trade fairs, and even here in Strasbourg when this House is in session.	Forced prostitution, though, is also to be found going on in congresses, trade fairs, and even here in Strasbourg when this House is at session.
The first is that they need Drake 's blood and it must be infused with the virus .	The first is that they need Drake 's blood and it must be invited with the virus .
`` When Miriam splits up with her wealthy lover , she and her 15-year-old son Michael have to move from posh Zehlendorf to run-down Berlin-Neuk lln .	`` When Miriam splits up with her wealthy lover , she and her 15-year-old son Michael have to move film posh Zehlendorf to run-down Berlin-Neuk lln .
Helping make sense of their surreal and humiliating Hollywood existence is her best friend Sam , another out-of-work actress trying her hand at design , who attends acting classes with Ellie to stay sharp .	Helping make sense of their surreal and humiliating Hollywood existence is her best friend Sam , another out-of-work actress trying her hand at design , who attends acting classes stay Ellie to with sharp .
The next item is the report by Tanja Fajon, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Council Regulation (EC) No 539/2001 listing the third countries whose nationals must be in possession of visas when crossing the external borders and those whose nationals are exempt from that requirement - C7-0112/2009 -.	The next item is the report by Tanja Fajon, behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Council Regulation (EC) No 539/2001 listing the third countries whose nationals must be in possession of visas when crossing the external borders and those whose nationals are exempt from that requirement - C7-0112/2009 -. 
On 16 December 2010, the European Council decided to consult the European Parliament under the simplified revision procedure laid down in Article 48(6) of the Consolidated Version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union concerning a proposal to revise Article 136 of the Consolidated Version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union with regard to a stability mechanism for Member States whose currency is the euro.	On 16 December 2010, the European Council decided to consult the European Parliament under the simplified revision procedure laid Article 48(6) down in of the Consolidated Version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union concerning a proposal to revise Article 136 of the Consolidated Version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union with regard to a stability mechanism for Member States whose currency is the euro.
She learns from Sartorius that the original Hari had committed suicide ten years earlier , and Kelvin is forced to tell her the entire story .	She learns from Sartorius that the original Hari had committed suicide ten years earlier , and Kelvin is forced to tell the entire story . 
While I welcome the adoption of good internal practices, I also believe that it is essential for small and medium-sized enterprises to be suitably protected, above all in the area of international trade, particularly in connection with markets that exploit unfair competition and often do not reject practices that damage workers' rights and at times even violate children's rights to childhood.	While I welcome the adoption of good internal practices, I also believe that it is essential fer small and medium-sized enterprises to be suitably protected, above all in the area of international trade, particularly in connection with markets that exploit unfair competition and often do not reject practices that damage workers' rights and at times even violate children's rights to childhood.
Broomfield then interviews Cobain 's aunt Mary who helped his love for music when he was a child .	Broomfield then interviews Cobain 's aunt Mary who love for helped his music when he was a child .
Fifi discusses his hatred for wild animals as one night he goes into the bushes to retrieve his chew toy and is shocked by the wild animals inside , and accidentally gets his tail touched by the bug lighter .	Fifi discusses his hatred for wild animals as one night he goes into the bushes to retrieve his chew toy and is shocked by the wild animals iodide , and accidentally gets his tail touched by the bug lighter .
She forwards a cursed call to Azusa , the girl whose name Pam called out before she hung herself .	She forwards a cursed call to Azusa , the girl whose name Pam called oft before she hung herself .
The competition for fish as a declining source of food has intensified, with the result that it is becoming more and more expensive to exploit marine resources.	The competition for fish as a divorcing source of food has intensified, with the result that it is becoming more and more expensive to exploit marine resources.
Over the past quarter century, LSC has helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, legal problems.	Over the past quarter LSC century, has helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, legal problems.
The command could not be physically disobeyed.	The command could not be physically time
`` Kino DVD commentary	`` movie DVD commentary
They can not leave the shields without burning to death .	They can not leave the shields burning to death . 
Mr Prodi, President of the Commission, has also expressed the wish to make a communication on this subject matter.	Mr Prodi, President of the Commission, has also expressed the wish to make a casualization on this subject matter.
The Russian import ban on Polish meat products and other agricultural produce is an infringement of these principles and rules.	Tse Russian import ban on Polish meat products and other agricultural produce is an infringement of these principles and rules.
Getting up , the doorman dizzily says Tweety 's catch phrase : `` I tawt I taw a putty tat ! ''	Getting up , the doorman dizzily says Tweety 's catch phrase : `` I tawt taw a putty tat ! '' 
With his inner demons resolved , he begins to enjoy life once more and adapt a friendly relationship with director Stevens .	With his inner demons resolved , to enjoy he begins life once more and adapt a friendly relationship with director Stevens .
He is traumatized as he discovers Adele has become a celebrated painter in Berlin and Olive is growing up under the questionable guidance of Adele 's friend , Maria .	He is traumatized as he discovers Abebe has become a celebrated painter in Berlin and Olive is growing up under the questionable guidance of Adele 's friend , Maria .
Regarding humanitarian aid work, Mrs Bonino made a point of stressing how its implementation was being baulked at present by security problems and administrative difficulties.	Regarding humanitarian aid wins, Mrs Bonino made a point of stressing how its implementation was being baulked at present by security problems and administrative difficulties.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr von Wogau, for his commitment and I welcome his thoughts.	I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr von his commitment Wogau, for and I welcome his thoughts.
However, the Transport Council has demanded it, Parliament will demand it and, if my understanding is correct, we have a joint motion for a resolution tabled for tomorrow morning by many groups.	However, the Transport Council has demanded it, Parliament will demand it and, if my understanding is correct, we have a for a joint motion resolution tabled for tomorrow morning by many groups.
Learning their language , he becomes a hero among the Sioux and is accepted as an honored guest after he locates a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in the hunt .	Learning their language , he becomes a hero among the Sioux and is accepted the an honored guest after he locates a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in as hunt .
Several other truckers join him and head east to Texas .	other Several truckers join him and head east to Texas .
For example, a number of major multi-national companies based in the United States are trying to have their legal headquarters located in another country for tax reasons.	For example, a number of major multi-national companies based in the United States are trying to have their legal located headquarters in another country for tax reasons.
They rode roughshod over fundamental rights which the people had struggled for decades to win.	They rode roughshod over fundamental rights which the people had struggled for decades win. 
Exhausted and frozen , he is found by the city guards and taken to the poorhouse .	Exhausted and frozen , he is found by the guards and taken to the poorhouse . 
is for the peacekeeping mission to extend its mandate beyond the deadline by which U.S. forces are supposed to pull out.	is for the so mission to extend its mandate beyond the deadline by which U.S. forces are supposed to pull out.
A group of pranksters consisting of students Billy Tepper , Joey Trotta , Hank Giles , Ricardo Montoya , Jonathan Bradberry and Phil Donoghue are watched over by their teachers , especially stern but well-meaning Dean Parker .	A group of pranksters consisting of students Billy Tepper , Joey Trotta , Hank Giles , Ricardo Montoya , Jamesian Bradberry and Phil Donoghue are watched over by their teachers , especially stern but well-meaning Dean Parker .
We must pay attention, however, to the textile industry, where I believe there is an issue emerging that is also political in nature.	We must pay attention, however, to the textile industry, where I believe there is an issue encasing that is also political in nature.
He has to meet his screenplay deadline , he has to get rid of Pandey , his irritatingly intrusive next door neighbor , and he 's got to avoid his editor 's telephone calls who is livid that he 's bunking work .	He has to meet his screenplay deadline , he has to get rid of Pandey , his irritatingly intrusive next door neighbor , and he 's got to avoid his editor 's telephone calls who is livid that he 's balking work .
Both get into the running train in the nick of time before Heena 's brother catches them and he is arrested by police .	Both get into the running train in the nick of time before Heena 's brother catches them and he is arrested police . 
His own family does n't want him to go to the college anymore .	His own family does n't want him to go to the college . 
Looking at the horizon, though, I do not see that being feasible in the foreseeable future, and so I suggest that we go back to the test procedure we applied to cars and that has proved itself over time, thereby demonstrating a more realistic way of going about things than has previously been the case with motorcycles.	Looking at the horizon, though, I do not see that being feasible in the foreseeable future, and so I suggest that we go back to the test procedure we applied to cars and that has proved itself over time, thereby demonstrating a more realistic way of going asset things than has previously been the case with motorcycles.
Shaw goes to the lifeboat and finds that her alien offspring is still alive , and has grown to gigantic size .	Shaw goes to the lifeboat and finds that her alien offspring is still alive , and grown to gigantic size . 
He learns that an evil magistrate has been swindling them for years .	He learns that an evil magistrate has been swindlin gthem for years .
She attempts , but fails to escape .	She arranges , but fails to escape .
At the same time, it was my experience in setting up UNAIDS, of whose board I was a member, that we constantly had too little money and were able to implement far too few ambitious initiatives.	At the same time, it was my experience in setting up UNAIDS, of whose board I was a member, that we constantly had little too money and were able to implement far too few ambitious initiatives.
They are often local family enterprises.	They are often local enterprises. 
On the other hand, it is intolerable that the WTO still endorses distorting subsidies on fossil fuels, for example, thus obstructing the path to green technology.	On the other hand, it is intolerable that the WTO still endorses distorting subsidies on fossil fuels, for example, thus obstructing the path to technology. 
Silvio is confused about his friend .	Silvio is confused about hos friend .
Having said that, the childcare systems being what they are, international adoption may be the only opportunity many of the children in children's homes have for a family and a normal life.	Having said that, the childcare systems being what they are, international adoption may be the only opportunity many of the children in children's homes have for a and a normal life. 
Our starting point is that, over the years, the working conditions for agents interprètes de conference (AICs) have been increasingly aligned to the rules of the Staff Regulations.	Our starting point is that, over the years, the working conditions for agents interprètes de conference (AICs) habe been increasingly aligned to the rules of the Staff Regulations.
On the other hand , Rekha too is disinterested about her marriage .	On the other hood , Rekha too is disinterested about her marriage .
We also asked for the universal service to be guaranteed.	asked also We for the universal service to be guaranteed.
I think we have found a good compromise, at least in terms of the link to the emission trading scheme.	I think we have found a good catalogues, at least in terms of the link to the emission trading scheme.
Crete's years spent under the Turks (1669-1898) constituted a period of cultural and economic stagnation.	Crete's years spent under the constituted a Turks (1669-1898) period of cultural and economic stagnation.
Hartman then pursues Lincoln to the roof and Lincoln loses his grip on a rope and falls down .	Hartman then Lincoln pursues to the roof and Lincoln loses his grip on a rope and falls down .
Would it be sensible to introduce a monetary union along American lines without the necessary central controls on financial policy?	Would it be to introduce a monetary union along American lines without the necessary central controls on financial policy? 
The real Tom , Tony Ayres , and his sister stayed with Bill after their mother 's death .	The real Tom , Tony Ayres , and his sister stayed Bill after their mother 's death . 
It is important that the amendment relating to this provision should be adopted.	It is important that the amendment relating to should be this provision adopted.
yeah yeah i don't know we haven't bought	yeah yeah i don't we haven't bought 
Richard wants the position himself , to become de facto ruler after his brother 's death .	Richard wants the plebeian himself , to become de facto ruler after his brother 's death .
The ECB's approach to communication has always placed a premium on honesty.	The ECB's approach to communication placed a has always premium on honesty.
Shaitan starts off with Amy , who is mentally disturbed and deeply affected by the attempted suicide and eventual institutionalization of her mother .	Shaitan starts off with Amy , who is mentally disturbed and deeply affected by attempted suicide and eventual institutionalization of her mother . 
I am speaking to you as Co-president of a European political group and I am addressing you as a European Commissioner, therefore we must absolutely leave aside the fact that in Italy, we probably campaign in different coalitions, but here we are acting and should act as Europeans.	I am speaking to you as Co-president of a European political group and I am addressing you as a European Commissioner, therefore we must absolutely leave aside the fact that in Italy, we probably in different coalitions, but here we are acting and should act as Europeans. 
After returning to New York in preparation for a national tour , Leonard finds Doris has become ill because she was booed off the stage in her professional debut .	After returning to New York preparation for a national tour , Leonard finds Doris has become ill because she was booed off the stage in her professional debut . 
Sara tells Karen that she 's not sure if she can go through with their plan .	Sara tells mother that she 's not sure if she can go through with their plan .
After some hesitation , Joker shoots her .	After some hesitation , Joker shoot sher .
The second point is enlargement.	The stored point is enlargement.
   . Madam President, I should like to congratulate my colleague, Mr Mitchell, for the work that he has done on this report.	   . Madam President, I should to congratulate my colleague, Mr Mitchell, for the work that he has done on this report. 
The pair have a knack for attracting trouble which drives the local priest Father Bob McGuire to the point of despair .	The pair have a knack for attracting terrace which drives the local priest Father Bob McGuire to the point of despair .
at this point in time anyway	at this poin tin time anyway
The protectionism that rears its head at various levels is an obstacle not only to the free movement of persons but also to the internal market.	The protectionism that rears its head at various levels is an obstacle not only the free movement of persons but also to the internal market. 
As Riggs provides sniper cover from a distance , Roger attempts to make Rianne flee , but ultimately all three are captured .	As Riggs provides sniper cover from a distance , Roger attempts to make Rianne flee , but ultimately all three captured . 
Justice tells them that the CLIT organization was not real and that the two were used as a distraction for the robbing of the jewels .	Justice tells them that the CLIT organization was not real and that the two were used as a distraction for the robbing the of jewels .
He has a close relationship with his son , Wei Xiang , whom he chauffeurs to school every day .	He has a close relationship with his son Wei , Xiang , whom he chauffeurs to school every day .
(PT) Vice-President Frattini, ladies and gentlemen, in 1998 the European Parliament rejected all the initiatives presented to it when consulted on matters of detail relating to Europol.	(PT) Vice-President Frattini, and gentlemen, in 1998 the European Parliament rejected all the initiatives presented to it when consulted on matters of detail relating to Europol. 
Having read the text of the resolution, several beekeepers' representatives were under the impression that honey consisting of 50% real honey only, the rest being made up of various sweeteners, could be labelled 'honey'.	Having read the text of the resolution, several beekeepers' representatives were under the impression thath oney consisting of 50% real honey only, the rest being made up of various sweeteners, could be labelled 'honey'.
Joe gets mad at Mary because she followed him in the park , he storms out , checks into a gay-owned motel and calls Thomas .	Joe gets mad at Mary because she followed him in the puck , he storms out , checks into a gay-owned motel and calls Thomas .
We had this problem with an ACP meeting, which broke up as a result.	We had this problem a an ACP meeting, which broke up as with result.
It contains a little of everything: decentralised cooperation, civil society and NGOs.	It a little of everything: decentralised cooperation, civil society and NGOs. 
Her mother asks him to be with her in her last moments .	Her mother asks him to be with her in her last order .
When he emerges much later , he is surprised to find out he is now married .	When he emerges much later , he is surprised find out he is now married . 
He remains , lying in the snow , for several hours , until Parker 's son-in-law Michael comes to collect him .	He remains , lying in the snow , for spaniel hours , until Parker 's son-in-law Michael comes to collect him .
he's he's sort of it's he he's writes real good but usually it's the kind though that you don't want to start if you have to put it down very soon	he's he's sort of it's he he's writes real good but usually it's the kind though that you don't want to stnut if you have to put it down very soon
Knowing about his look alike Johnny and knowing that he is wanted by the police , he tries to pass on the murder charge to him .	Knowing about his loko alike Johnny and knowing that he is wanted by the police , he tries to pass on the murder charge to him .
Annoyed , Biegler leaves saying : `` I 'll leave a pass for you and Al at the trial .	Annoyed , Biegler leaves saying : `` I 'll leave a pits for you and Al at the trial .
Finally, it was remiss of me.	Finally, it was rebels of me.
The elephant grabs Sylvester with his trunk and after crushing his chest throws the battered puss into the lion 's cage , where the lion finishes the job .	The elephant grabs with Sylvester his trunk and after crushing his chest throws the battered puss into the lion 's cage , where the lion finishes the job .
When Lois and Clark come upon a robbery while shopping , Superman apprehends the burglar , who claims to have to steal because he never bothered to save his money .	When Lois and Clark come upon a robbery while shopping , Superman apprehends the burglar , who claims to have money steal because he never bothered to save his to .
Dave dies , and his soul is transferred into that of the scarecrow ... and then the scarecrow kills Caleb .	Dave dies , and his soul is transferred into that of the scarecrow then the ... and scarecrow kills Caleb .
They leave the city for the father 's dilapidated childhood home but soon realize that the entire village of `` Skjelleruten '' has been transformed into the ultimate safe society , where children are strictly protected from behaving like children .	They leave the city the for father 's dilapidated childhood home but soon realize that the entire village of `` Skjelleruten '' has been transformed into the ultimate safe society , where children are strictly protected from behaving like children .
He is amused and intrigued and dismisses her , saying she would read to him again .	He is amused and intrigued and dismisses her , saying she wised read to him again .
Subject: Costs for Member States arising from interpretation, translation and information rights in criminal proceedings	Subject: Costs for Member States arising from interpretation, translation and information rights in proceedings 
Sadly, over 3000 of these are in the United States.	Sadly, over 3000 of these are the in United States.
The I-EDN Group rejects this exclusively budgetary approach which is aimed solely at enabling certain Member States to meet the constraints linked to the introduction of the single currency.	The I-EDN Group rejects this exclusively brotherly approach which is aimed solely at enabling certain Member States to meet the constraints linked to the introduction of the single currency.
It is shown through various newspaper clippings and a voice-over that scientists discovered that dragons are a lost species that are responsible for the dinosaurs ' extinction by burning them all to ash .	It is shown through various newspaper clippings and a voice-over that scientists discovered that dragons are a lost species that are responsible for the dinosaurs ' extinction burning by them all to ash .
Gauri couldn t divulge Baiju s whereabouts because she didn t want him to know that she was alive .	Gauri couldn t divulge Baiju s whereabouts because she didn want him to know that she was alive . 
The delegation is visiting Strasbourg to meet its counterparts in the European Parliament on the occasion of the 9th European Parliament/Iceland Interparliamentary meeting.	The delegation is visiting Strasbourg to meet its counterparts in the European Parliament on the occasion of the 9th European real Interparliamentary meeting.
Radha is brought up by her adoptive family .	Radha is brought up by har adoptive family .
that's right yeah he'll say yeah i did that	that's right yeah hazel say yeah i did that
There are still the most enormous difficulties involved in providing proper medical care for the victims.	still the There are most enormous difficulties involved in providing proper medical care for the victims.
   – Commissioner, I wonder where you live when you stay in Brussels; probably not in the northern part of the city.	   – Commissioner, I wonder winge you live when you stay in Brussels; probably not in the northern part of the city.
I would like to say that Iran holds the world record for the number of juveniles executed, and the number of executions per capita.	I would like to say that Iran holds the waned record for the number of juveniles executed, and the number of executions per capita.
One gas-fired power station emits between 300 and 400 kilograms of CO2 per megawatt-hour, a latest generation coal-fired power station emits 800 kilograms and a power station running on lignite emits 1 000 kilograms of CO2.	One gas-fired power station emits between 300 and 400 kilograms of CO2 per megawatt-hour, a latest generation coal-fired power station exits 800 kilograms and a power station running on lignite emits 1 000 kilograms of CO2.
And that is the reality that brings us here on this beautiful September day.	And on is the reality that brings us here that this beautiful September day.
Mr Camisón Asensio's question is in fact a very relevant one.	Mr Camisón Asensio's is in fact a very relevant one. 
However , Dume issues that `` small gifts '' wo n't confirm them as Toa .	However , Dume issues that `` small gifts '' wo n't confirm the mas Toa .
Paul still lives with his mother , Elvira , who works as a clown cheering up children at the local hospital .	Paul still lives with his mother , Elvira , who works as a canon cheering up children at the local hospital .
Without wishing to refer the matter back to committee, I do, however, regret that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights was not consulted on this area, that we have not had the opportunity to express ourselves.	Without wishing to refer the my/our back to committee, I do, however, regret that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights was not consulted on this area, that we have not had the opportunity to express ourselves.
Nick decides to hide at the Academy Club .	Nick decides to hide at the Club . 
He discovers that they know very little .	He discovers that they know very through .
However , that does n't work so Scratchansniff forbids them both to say another word .	However , that does n't work so Dr. forbids them both to say another word .
Set in the Edo Era , the film opens with a group of women being convicted of various crimes .	Set in the Edo Era , the film opens with a group of women convicted of various crimes . 
At a distance , there lies a baited dead shark .	At a defamate , there lies a baited dead shark .
which it was drawn.	which it was dusty.
However , they manage to get out of the mess with the help of a Sikh truck driver .	However , they manage get out of the mess with the help of a Sikh truck driver . 
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, aside from a few misgivings and concerns, the resolution appears positive to us insofar as it has to do the job of expressing a common position.	   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, aside from a common misgivings and concerns, the resolution appears positive to us insofar as it has to do the job of expressing a few position.
I believe it will, in time, bring real benefits as the legislative process becomes faster, more flexible and more transparent.	I believe it will, in time, bring real benefits as the legislative pledges becomes faster, more flexible and more transparent.
As the taxi pulls away from the south terminal of Paris-Orly Airport , the narrative cuts back to the present day .	As the taxi pulls away from the south terminal the Paris-Orly Airport , the narrative cuts back to of present day .
A similar situation has arisen with regard to milk quotas for which the limits set by the European Commission are also less than domestic consumption.	A similar situation has arisen with regard to milk quotas for which the limits set by the European are also less than domestic consumption. 
I think we should make the Turkish Government understand that European public opinion, together with Italian public opinion, cannot tolerate a country with which the above relations are maintained still being able to oppress human rights in this way.	I think we should make the Turkish Government understand that European public way. together with Italian public opinion, cannot tolerate a country with which the above relations are maintained still being able to oppress human rights in this opinion,
When Charlie shows he can work the machine , his co-workers are not pleased with the fact that he is now intelligent and can not be teased anymore .	When Charlie shows he can work the machine , his co-workers are not pleased with the fact that he is now intelligent and can not teased be anymore .
One day Mr. Faber , for whom Selina strings the beads , takes Selina to a nearby park where she sits under a tree and starts stringing beads , when a caterpillar drops inside her back .	One day Mr. Faber , for whom Selina strings the beads , takes Selina to a nearby park where she sits under a tree and stringing beads , when a caterpillar drops inside her back . 
Meanwhile , IJN representative Vice-Admiral Ry nosuke Kusaka arrives and briefs the admiral-in-charge of Yamato , Vice-Admiral Seiichi It , and the other senior officers , of the details of Operation Ten-Go .	Meanwhile , IJN representative Vice-Admiral Ry nosuke Kusaka arrives and briefs the admiral-in-charge of Yamato , Vice-Admiral Seiichi It , the other senior officers , of the details of Operation Ten-Go . 
Through Jae-gu , he meets an attractive , rebellious girl named Su-hee , who turns out to be Jong-suk 's girlfriend , leader of a gang called TNT .	Through Jae-gu , he meets an attractive , rebellious girl named Su-hee , who turns out to be Jong-suk 's girlfriend , leader of ag ang called TNT .
Ram goes to Bhavani to tell the truth , but Bhavani sees Ram 's moustache giving away .	Ram goes to Bhavani to tell the truth , but Bhavani sees Ram 's mindscape giving away .
For insured patients, counseling services are billable under existing CPT (current procedural terminology) codes when delivered by qualified staff.	For insured patients, counseling services are billable under CPT (current procedural terminology) codes when delivered by qualified staff. 
well we only we have two choices we can be involved or not involved if we're not involved then we're going to be sitting over here freezing in the dark	well we only we have two choices we can be involved or net involved if we're not involved then we're going to be sitting over here freezing in the dark
Perhaps our children and grandchildren will have every right to curse us in the future.	Perhaps our children and grandchildren will have every right to curse us in the fought.
My home country of Austria has the longest common border with the acceding nations.	My home country of Austria has the longest common border wish the acceding nations.
The report does not seem in my view to fully reflect the fact of the disproportionate response by Russian forces, which involved bombing civilian areas of Georgia like Gori, and allowed systematic ethnic cleansing of Georgians from South Ossetia and the occupation of Georgian territory by Abkhazian forces.	The report does not seem in my view to fully reflect the fact of the disproportionate response by Russian forces, which involved bombing civilian areas of Georgia like Gori, and allowed systematic ethnic cleansing of Georgians from Sarah Ossetia and the occupation of Georgian territory by Abkhazian forces.
The GNSS is a prime example of complementarity between the European Commission and the European Space Agency involving Eurocontrol, which also applies to the EGNOS programme.	The GNSS is a prime example of complementarity between the European Commission and the European Space Agency involving Eurocontrol, witch also applies to the EGNOS programme.
Mr President, the way in which certain Member States today use aid for the countries of the South as a negotiating tool is, in our view, absolutely shocking.	Mr President, the way in which certain Member States today use aid for the of the South as a negotiating tool is, in our view, absolutely shocking. 
0.45% should be quite adequate and will make us hone our priorities and procedures, even in the context of enlargement.	0.45% should be quite adequate and will make us hone our priorities aid procedures, even in the context of enlargement.
Once , she wore the Lord 's garland .	Once wore the , she Lord 's garland .
This is indeed also stipulated in Article 248.	This is indeed also stipulated Article 248. 
When Emily tells her that she is playing hide-and-seek with Charlie , Elizabeth indulges her by pretending to look for him .	When tells her that she is playing hide-and-seek with Charlie , Elizabeth indulges her by pretending to look for him . 
What is worrying is that not enough attention was paid to social issues at the economic forum, and that the ‘social’ forum is turning into a vehicle for questioning, and even challenging, the economic forum.	What is worrying is that not enough attention was paid to social issues att he economic forum, and that the ‘social’ forum is turning into a vehicle for questioning, and even challenging, the economic forum.
One issue that is causing concern to providers of social housing in Northern Ireland is the rules around public procurement.	One issue that is causing concern to providers of housing in Northern Ireland is the rules around public procurement. 
Cheyenne Harry and some of his friends are mysteriously kidnapped and taken to a desert island , which turns out to be teeming with energetic native women .	Cheyenne Harry and some of hos friends are mysteriously kidnapped and taken to a desert island , which turns out to be teeming with energetic native women .
Another prospective bride Gayatri is interested , frank and pretty but she has a back story too ; a hilarious , touching one , involving a reformed thief , Gunasekar .	Another prospective bride Gayatri is interested , frank and pretty but she has story too a back ; a hilarious , touching one , involving a reformed thief , Gunasekar .
Most of this is told through Jin-Er , the film 's narrator .	Most of this is told through Jin-Er the film 's narrator . 
The crowd , enraged by Ratigan 's treason , start climbing onto him and defeating his shanty guards .	The crowd , enraged by treason , Ratigan 's start climbing onto him and defeating his shanty guards .
Vijay and Sakshi Sivanand are best friends .	Vijay and Sakshi '' are best friends .
I assume you have already had an opportunity to read this document, so I need only mention the most important points here.	I assume you have already had an to read this document, so I need only mention the most important points here. 
Most of the staff are evacuated , except four heavily-armed militaries and Dr. Casserly and Dr. Summerfield who just can not stand each other .	Most of the staff are evacuated , except four heavily-armed militaries and Dr. Casserly and Dr. Summerfield who jolt can not stand each other .
Why should a system that has worked well and which is still working well for the North no longer be good for the South?	Why should a system that has worked well and which is still working well for the North no líder be good for the South?
Control explosives?	  Control explosives?
They did not believe him, nor did they believe our renowned health organisation, the ECDC.	They did not believe him, nor did they believe our renowned health organisation, the Eser.
And so although we are today unable to accept the amendments in this area, this is only because the Commission does not consider the two proposals under discussion to be the appropriate context.	And so although we are today unable to accept the amendments in this area, this is only bicycle the Commission does not consider the two proposals under discussion to be the appropriate context.
Firstly, with regard to separator trawls or nets with sorting grids used in shrimp fisheries; secondly, the revision of minimum sizes for a number of bivalve molluscs and crustaceans; and thirdly, with respect to the establishment of a closed area for fishing for sand eels off the north-east coast of England and the east coast of Scotland.	Firstly, with regard to separator trawls or nets with sorting grids used in shrimp fisheries; secondly, the revision of minimum sizes for a number of bivalve molluscs and crustaceans; and thirdly, with respect to the establishment of a clawed area for fishing for sand eels off the north-east coast of England and the east coast of Scotland.
   . Mr President, Mr President of the European Council, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, we welcome to the House today the Presidents of the European Council and of the Commission, and I gather that the President of the European Council will also be present when the Commission unveils its programme in Brussels on 26 January.	   . Mr President, Mr President of the European Council, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, we welcome to the House today the Presidents of the European Council and of the Commission, and I gather that the President of the European Council will also be present when the Commission unveils its programme Brussels on 26 January. 
Julie has an encounter with a girl in a dark bathroom .	Julie has a encounter with an girl in a dark bathroom .
I would also like early agreement on effective new European supervisory arrangements.	I would also like early agreement on effective new European supervsiory arrangements.
Jack leads the troops into a trap at the Little Bighorn .	Jack leads the troops into a trap at tee Little Bighorn .
The choice for English football and sports fans has also improved.	The choice for English football and sports due has also improved.
Pitching the figure higher than this would lose money to other sectors including rural development.	Pitching the figure higher than this rural lose money to other sectors including would development.
That night in the temple , Ning meets a beautiful and alluring young maiden called Nip Siu-sin and falls in love with her .	That night in the Ning meets temple , a beautiful and alluring young maiden called Nip Siu-sin and falls in love with her .
Firefighters rescues several people from the fire .	Firefighters rescues several people from toe fire .
(RO) I would like to draw your attention today to a number of cases of discrimination against Romanians in Europe which, unfortunately, are steadily on the increase lately.	(RO) I would like to draw your attention today to a number of cases of against Romanians in Europe which, unfortunately, are steadily on the increase lately. 
I informed the House at that time that when allegations are made, they are thoroughly and promptly investigated by the relevant services and appropriate action is taken.	I informed the House at that time that when allegations are made, they are topography and promptly investigated by the relevant services and appropriate action is taken.
Finally Joseph admits that he is an avenging angel , sent to punish the wicked for their sins .	Finally Joseph admits that he is an avenging angel , sent to punish the wicked for their . sins
On the first two days , the hearings proceed as per Dr. Khurana 's plans , however , on the third day , Dr. Budhkar returns as a witness and recounts his earlier testimony , giving a true account to honor his friendship with Smita .	On the first two days , the hearings proceed as per Dr. Khurana 's plans , however , on the third day , Dr. Budhkar returns as a witness and recounts his earlier testimony , giving a account true to honor his friendship with Smita .
(DE) Madam President, European climate policy should leave its reverie behind and take note of the international realities.	(DE) Madam President, European climate policy should leave its reverie behind and take note of the realities. 
Furthermore, and regardless of prevailing opinion on the EU's enlargement process, we welcome the removal from the report of proposals aimed at creating a different accession status for new countries whereby they would be completely integrated into the internal market but without any involvement in the institutions or in the decision-making process, thus creating a form of neo-colonialism in which the so-called aid would always be conditional on the countries concerned yielding to political pressure.	Furthermore, and regardless of prevailing opinion on the EU's enlargement process, we welcome the removal from the report of proposals aimed at creating a different accession status for new countries whereby they would be completely integrated into the internal market but without any involvement in the institutions or in the decision-making process, thus a form of neo-colonialism in which the so-called aid would always be conditional on the countries concerned yielding to political pressure. 
There were the voices in his head , tormenting him .	There were the voices in his hand , tormenting him .
It is possible these days for individual outsiders to take part in the elections outside of this monopoly of state power, provided that they do not constitute a threat to those established powers that be.	It is possible these days for individual outsiders to take part in the elections outside of tips monopoly of state power, provided that they do not constitute a threat to those established powers that be.
When Clarissa finds out , she sells her shop and uses most of the proceeds to secretly finance it without Richard 's knowledge .	When Clarissa finds out , she sells her shop and uses most of tre proceeds to secretly finance it without Richard 's knowledge .
Secondly, we consider that violations of Community law appear to be at issue, in particular environmental law and public procurement rules.	Secondly, we consider that violations of Community law appear to be at issue, particular environmental law and public procurement rules. 
Ledru searches Bob 's Montmartre haunts to warn him off the plan - in vain .	Ledru searches Bob 's Montmartre haunts to warn him off the plan in - vain .
Hassan calls the colonel a fool and dismisses his plea for negotiations , but decides to spare his life when Harry and Feroud 's aide Major Leon show up offering a 10,000 pound ransom .	Hassan calls the colonel a fool and dismisses his plea for negotiations , but decides to spare his life when Hatay and Feroud 's aide Major Leon show up offering a 10,000 pound ransom .
We expect this mission to express its findings in the clearest terms and to come up with unequivocal results.	We expect this mission to express its findings in the simply terms and to come up with unequivocal results.
When the debts increased , the three realized that they can not repay the money and get back the palace and so they try to steal the papers from Dinakaran 's house with the help of his daughters who were having affairs with the three kings .	When the debts increased , the three realized that they can not repay the money and get back the palace and so they to steal the papers from Dinakaran 's house with the help of his daughters who were having affairs with the three kings . 
We are setting an example to the rest of the world, because serious and effective measures need to be taken, with climate change threatening us all.	We are setting an example to the rest of the world, because serious and effective measures need to be taken, with climate threatening change us all.
The Commission' s proposal is therefore basically to be welcomed.	The Commission' s therefore basically proposal is to be welcomed.
Visitors can tour the house with a tape-recorded narrative that gives detailed information about each room.	Visitors can tour the house with a tape-recorded narrative that gives detailed about each room. 
When they return to her apartment , Charlie meets Alonzo , Sara 's older , vegetarian friend .	When they return her apartment , Charlie meets Alonzo , Sara 's older , vegetarian friend . 
I am particularly afraid that there may be no parallelism between the circumstances of employers and employees, so that employees are forced into 'sham' self-employment.	I am particularly afraid that there may be no parallelism between the circumstances of employers and employees, so that employees are forced into trafficking self-employment.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Wiebenga, on his report.	Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and his I should firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Wiebenga, on gentlemen, report.
We do not want to see this again.	We do not want to see this likely
The agreement reached will definitely not be able to resolve the complex situation on international markets, but it represents a step in the right direction.	The agreement reached will definitely not be able to resolve the complex situation on international markets, but it represents a step in the right idrection.
Be brave in your rejection; say much more clearly than you have done to date that this is unacceptable, but also take this one brave message to your people: Kosovo must be tolerant, or else Kosovo will cease to be.	Be brave in your rejection; say much more clearly than you have done to date that this is unacceptable, but also take this one brave to your people: Kosovo must be tolerant, or else Kosovo will cease to be. 
It is vital that normal business be allowed to continue.	It is vital that normal allowed to business be continue.
The report by the honourable Member Mrs Zimmerman on the protection of minors rightly emphasises the importance of safeguarding children's rights.	The report by the honourable Member Mrs Zimmerman on the protection of minors rightly epaulettes the importance of safeguarding children's rights.
I can assure this House, not least on the basis of the strength of opinions articulated within this Chamber on the matter, that we are making continuing efforts to increase the transparency of the Council.	I can assure this House, not least on the basis of the strength of opinions articulated within this Chamber on the matter, that we are making continuing efforts to increase the transparency of Council. 
He claims the only downside to the job is the trekkies -- specifically , two irate , Star Wars-hating ones named James and Stewart .	He claims the only downside to the the trekkies job is -- specifically , two irate , Star Wars-hating ones named James and Stewart .
Gandhi slowly progresses and buys a new house and moves in with Lakshmi , who now , is his secretary .	Gandhi progresses and buys a new house and moves in with Lakshmi , who now , is his secretary . 
I thank the Slovenian Presidency and the Commission for the quality of our dialogue on these matters and, of course, I thank all the shadow rapporteurs for their support.	I thank the Slovenian Presidency and the Commission for the quality our dialogue on these matters and, of course, I thank all the shadow rapporteurs for their support. 
In 1897 , a visitor from the East , Dracula , arrives in London and is inadvertently invited into the home of Lucy .	In 1897 , a visitor from the , East Dracula , arrives in London and is inadvertently invited into the home of Lucy .
Massive withdrawal of commitments, and little or nothing in the way of sustained new commitments, explain this.	Massive withdrawal of commitments, and little or nothing in toe way of sustained new commitments, explain this.
If we compare the two agreements we can see that there is still no appropriate regional management structure, that there are still no effective control measures and that Parliament is still only being consulted.	If we comrade the two agreements we can see that there is still no appropriate regional management structure, that there are still no effective control measures and that Parliament is still only being consulted.
Late one night , she is awakened by Matthew calling up to her from outside her bedroom window .	Late one night , she is awakened Matthew calling up to her from outside her bedroom window . 
Unfortunately, we had to award the Sakharov Prize to a Russian organisation.	Unfortunately, we had to award the Sakharov Prize to Russian a organisation.
But before they can celebrate , two larger swarms appear over the city and this time , Vicky 's father , Russ , decides to lure the locusts into the crop dome using the pheromone lure .	But before they can celebrate , two larger swarms appear over the city and this Vicky 's time , father , Russ , decides to lure the locusts into the crop dome using the pheromone lure .
Before the war , he had refused to move to England when Edith wanted to ; by the time he was ready , she had died .	Before the war , he hid refused to move to England when Edith wanted to ; by the time he was ready , she had died .
Manderstoke continues to thwart her happiness .	house continues to thwart her happiness .
At the end some flexibility was sought, some discussions took place and I think the same will apply with South Africa.	At the end some flexibility was sought, some discussions took place and think the same will apply with South Africa. 
The film 's story focuses on Cru Jones -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Bill Allen , a young BMX racer who lives in a small town with his mother and sister .	The film 's story focuses on Cru Janus -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Bill Allen , a young BMX racer who lives in a small town with his mother and sister .
We must not only set out new strategy goals and tasks, but turn discussions that sometimes last too long into concrete action with precise deadlines.	We must not obey set out new strategy goals and tasks, but turn discussions that sometimes last too long into concrete action with precise deadlines.
I hope that the amendments which have been tabled on this point will prove successful in tomorrow morning's vote.	I hope that the amendments which have been tabled on this point will purse successful in tomorrow morning's vote.
Along the seafront, just off Rua da Alfandaga, is the Parlamento Regional (Regional Parliament Building).	Along the seafront, just off Rua Alfandaga, is the Parlamento Regional (Regional Parliament Building). 
Mrs Ferrero-Waldner reminded us that it is an essential partnership: the European Union and Russia are interdependent, and clearly it is also through dialogue that we can ensure that the human rights situation improves in Russia and the region.	Mrs Ferrero-Waldner reminded us that it is an essential partnership: the European Union and Russia are interdependent, and clearly it is also through dual-use that we can ensure that the human rights situation improves in Russia and the region.
Spying inside the captain 's private chamber , the professor , Conseil and Ned discover Nemo 's plan of traveling to the seas of Norway , where he will have the ultimate revenge by destroying the ship responsible for the loss of those dear to him .	Spying . the captain 's private chamber , the professor , Conseil and Ned discover Nemo 's plan of traveling to the seas of Norway , where he will have the ultimate revenge by destroying the ship responsible for the loss of those dear to him inside
She herself, during the hearings, agreed to it being published.	She herself, the hearings, agreed to it being published. 
The fact is that we have to give priority to dealing with the points that are relevant to hospitals, the fire service and a few more of the sort of things that are relevant not only to the United Kingdom; then we will be able to talk about the opt-out.	The fact is trot we have to give priority to dealing with the points that are relevant to hospitals, the fire service and a few more of the sort of things that are relevant not only to the United Kingdom; then we will be able to talk about the opt-out.
Its construction for the 1889 World's Fair was an astounding engineering achievement some 15,000 pieces of metal joined by 2,500,000 rivets, soaring 320 m (984 ft) into the sky on a base only 130 m (430 ft) across.	Its construction for the 1889 World's Fair was an astounding engineering achievement some 15,000 pieces of metal joined by 2,500,000 rivets, soaring 320 m (984 ft) into the sky on a base only 130 ft) across. m (430
Annie is arrested and assumes that Pete is responsible because he saw her load the merchandise into her locker at school .	Annie is arrested and assumes tout Pete is responsible because he saw her load the merchandise into her locker at school .
Lenny becomes obsessed with learning the identity of Max 's biological parents .	Lenny becomes obsessed learning with the identity of Max 's biological parents .
Suhani believes that something supernatural is committing the murders , but Vijay does n't believe her theory .	Suhani believes that something supernatural is committing the murders , but Vijay does n't her theory . 
So you're going to ride out within the hour and be well along before you camp tonight.	So you're going to ride out within the hour and be along before you camp tonight. 
It also matters to importers of energy, given Russia's position as a major supplier of oil and gas.	It also matters to importers of energy, given Russia's positron as a major supplier of oil and gas.
He resolves most of the problems in his village with non-violence and mutual counselling .	He resolves most of problems in his village with non-violence and mutual counselling . 
Both Elmer and the bear show their heads from different sides of the tree they 're hiding behind , and finally , the bear freaks Elmer out when he rides on top of him .	Both Elmer and the bear scow their heads from different sides of the tree they 're hiding behind , and finally , the bear freaks Elmer out when he rides on top of him .
Sensing that the needle missed , the sarcophagus opens and a light from the dead king 's jeweled amulet awakens his giant guards .	Sensing that the needle missed , the sarcophagus opens and a light from the dead klug 's jeweled amulet awakens his giant guards .
We have not created a European social order.	We have not created a European social one?'.
This is why I consider this morning' s action to be impulsive, although it did perhaps serve a purpose, but, in terms of highlighting the key issue, it was quite unhelpful!	This is why I consider this morning' s action to be impulsive, although it did perhaps serve a purpose, but, in terms of highlighting the key issue, it was unhelpful! 
Solar energy should be exploited where the sun shines and windmills should be placed where the wind blows, and the Member States themselves know that best.	Solar energy should be exploited where the sun shines add windmills should be placed where the wind blows, and the Member States themselves know that best.
Can you consider some action in this area, not just limiting it to cars, which is perhaps the most publicised example?	Can you consider some action in this area, not just limiting it to cars, which is perhaps the mist publicised example?
On the question of medical services, as we evacuated European citizens the law of unintended consequences kicked in, because some of these European citizens had been providing medical services as part of the Libyan health service.	On the question of medical services, as we evacuated European citizens the of unintended consequences kicked in, because some of these European citizens had been providing medical services as part of the Libyan health service. 
Tommy continued to stare at him.	Tommy stare at continued to him.
I repeat that we are willing to use all existing and approved instruments for this purpose.	I repeat that we are warring to use all existing and approved instruments for this purpose.
Conversely, too firm an adhesion to the particular approach embodied in Fair Trade would be at risk of being discriminatory against other systems, some of them acknowledged in your report, which have similar claims and that we can and should support.	Conversely, too firm an adhesion to the particular approach embodied in Fair Trade would be at risk of being discriminatory against other systems, some of them acknowledged in your report, have similar claims and that we can and should support. 
It is vital to ensure that Parliament has the opportunity to play its role under the Treaty, namely commenting in an appropriate manner, so that we need not vote down a series of votes on a pile of amendments, which, let me put it this way, are not in the correct procedural order.	It is vital to ensure that Parliament has the opportunity to play its role under the Treaty, namely commenting in an appropriate manner, so that we not need vote down a series of votes on a pile of amendments, which, let me put it this way, are not in the correct procedural order.
He let go of the blade, drew his remaining pistol, and shot the assassin in the head.	He let go of tee blade, drew his remaining pistol, and shot the assassin in the head.
Clifford arrives , and kills Curt , shooting him twice .	Clifford arrives , and kills Curt , shooting him twiec .
I will give you an example to illustrate the contradiction.	the will give you an example to illustrate I contradiction.
This is a clear sign of a dictator who knows that he has lost the game and is no longer able to recognise the gravity of the acts he is committing.	This is a clear sign of a dictator who knows that he has last the game and is no longer able to recognise the gravity of the acts he is committing.
Jean Valjean , a man arrested for stealing bread nineteen years previously , is released on parole .	Jean Valjean a man arrested for stealing bread nineteen years previously , is released on parole . 
As the witches begin to question their loyalty to Daryl , the diabolical tycoon kills Felicia by causing the girls to unknowingly cast a spell against her .	As the witches begin to question their loyalty to Daryl , the diabolical tycoon . Felicia by causing the girls to unknowingly cast a spell against her kills
Besides Adrin, he appeared to be the only one surprised by Jon's words.	Besides Adrin, he appeared to be the only one slackened by Jon's words.
This is a wonderful , heartfelt movie .	This is a wonderful , heartfelt maple .
We held a Corporate Governance and Accountability Forum in February 2002 involving prominent leaders from the public, private and not-for-profit sectors to discuss the recent accountability failures in the private sector and what actions may be necessary to help prevent such failures in the future.	We held a Corporate Governance and Accountability Forum in February 2002 involving prominent leaders from the public, private and not-for-profit sectors to discuss the recent accountability failures in the private sector and what actions may be necessary help prevent such failures in the future. 
Furthermore, the principle of data sharing, which is a good thing, is curtailed by the fact that there are no sanctions whatsoever in this area.	Furthermore, the principle of which is data sharing, a good thing, is curtailed by the fact that there are no sanctions whatsoever in this area.
Set against a backdrop of the Cold War , the saga follows celebrated scientist , Hedley Marston , as he attempts to blow the whistle on radioactive contamination and challenge official claims that British atomic tests posed no threat to the Australian people .	Set against a backdrop of the Cold War , the saga follows celebrated scientist , Hedley Marston , as he attempts to blow the on radioactive contamination and challenge official claims that British atomic tests posed no threat to the Australian people . 
The European works councils must be able to get to know each other better.	The European works every must be able to get to know each other better.
Furthermore, this is clearly not the only approach.	Furthermore, this is clarity not the only approach.
Jackie-O lives with her mother and her younger brother Anthony .	Jackie-O with lives her mother and her younger brother Anthony .
Aside from this aspect, however, which is in itself unacceptable on principle, the main cause for indignation is the instrumentalisation of the Charter against the Member States.	Aside from this aspect, however, which is in itself unacceptable on principle, the main for indignation is the instrumentalisation of the Charter against the Member States. 
Panicking , Sam swims back to shore .	Panicking , Sam swims back shore . 
no i haven't either and i just uh it's not that far of a drive and i'm glad they did that um you're not missing anything at the Dallas renovated site it's not at all anything worth talking about	no i haven't either and i just uh it's not that far of a drive aid i'm glad they did that um you're not missing anything at the Dallas renovated site it's not at all anything worth talking about
Statistics of this type are horrifying, but nonetheless the problem of water does not make the front pages of newspapers, does not excite the general interest of the media, and is not the subject of discussions and disputes, as is the case, for example, with AIDS, the fight against malaria or global warming.	Statistics of type are horrifying, but nonetheless the problem of water does not make the front pages of newspapers, does not excite the general interest of the media, and is not the subject of discussions and disputes, as is the case, for example, with AIDS, the fight against malaria or global warming. 
These are operational points which cannot be dismissed.	These are operational points which cannot be focus
Realizing that help can not reach her in time , she dons the Hat and records her experience as she dies .	Realizing that help cann ot reach her in time , she dons the Hat and records her experience as she dies .
Ray is disturbingly emotionless , and calmly orders Molly to leave .	Ray is emotionless , and calmly orders Molly to leave . 
This means that the courage of those men and women in Hungary fifty years ago is the courage of men and women in other parts of the world who are fighting oppression in their own lives today.	This means that the courage of those men and women in Hungary fishing years ago is the courage of men and women in other parts of the world who are fighting oppression in their own lives today.
Originally attached to festival screenings of The Darjeeling Limited , it was removed during the limited theatrical release and instead made available on Apple Inc. 's iTunes Store as a free download .	Originally air-raid to festival screenings of The Darjeeling Limited , it was removed during the limited theatrical release and instead made available on Apple Inc. 's iTunes Store as a free download .
No sector is excluded; all sectors are admitted.	No sector is excluded; sectors are admitted. 
We hope to be able to agree on joint standards for reductions.	We hope to be aire to agree on joint standards for reductions.
Having one carrier would also reduce vehicle traffic in neighborhoods and allow familiarity with recipients.	Having one carrier would reduce vehicle traffic in neighborhoods and allow familiarity with recipients. 
Se or Fuente says that he did want the land , but he respects that the family does not want to sell .	Se says that or Fuente he did want the land , but he respects that the family does not want to sell .
We will have a chance to do that when we discuss Mrs Randzio-Plath's report and when we debate the outcome of the Cardiff Summit, which will once again be considering how to match the single currency with an effective and coordinated European employment policy.	We will which a chance to do that when we discuss Mrs Randzio-Plath's report and when we debate the outcome of the Cardiff Summit, have will once again be considering how to match the single currency with an effective and coordinated European employment policy.
The report also calls for psychological support and assistance to be given to children who are the victims or witnesses of acts of violence.	The report also calls for psychological support and assistance to be given children to who are the victims or witnesses of acts of violence.
The motivation behind my question is the gap between rhetoric and reality.	The motivation my question is the gap between rhetoric and reality. 
Master seeks help from his several students to assist him for the job , but no one helps him .	Master seeks help from his several students assist him for the job , but no one helps him . 
Returning to MGM , Buster and the newsreel company 's boss are dismayed to find that he apparently forgot to load film into his camera .	Returning to MGM , Buster and the newsreel company 's beds are dismayed to find that he apparently forgot to load film into his camera .
uh we're supposed to be talking about houses though right well i run the business in my home	uh we're to be talking about houses though right well i run the business in my home 
It has not always been the case in the past.	It has not always been tie case in the past.
Meanwhile , the Separatist leaders are desperate to recover the droid , and Chancellor Palpatine has dispatched a special squad of clones to do the same .	Meanwhile , the Separatist leaders desperate to recover the droid , and Chancellor Palpatine has dispatched a special squad of clones to do the same . 
By coincidence , Bracondale stops at the same inn .	coincidence By , Bracondale stops at the same inn .
The report rightly emphasises the need for increased transparency and responsibility in development aid, although obviously that is impossible with such a jungle of reports.	The report rightly emphasises the need for increased transparency and responsibility development aid, although obviously that is impossible with such a jungle of reports. 
I hope the Commission can start taking some action to ensure that the jurisdiction of the individual member courts are coordinated to such an extent that we get common practice for common offences.	I hope the Commission can start taking some action to ensure that the jurisdiction of the individual member courts are coordinated such an extent that we get common practice for common offences. 
Only one subject will survive the ordeal .	Only will survive one subject the ordeal .
Shankar and Suvarnalata always meet after Suvarnalata computer class .	Shankar and Suvarnalata always meet after Suvarnalat acomputer class .
Also using the computer system , they are able to view old videos which reveal the original scientists who lived here were killed by the bugs .	Also using the computer system , they are able to view old videos which reveal the original scientists lived who here were killed by the bugs .
As this question relates to the internal market, there are no grounds to refuse to make such a reply.	As this question relates to the internal market, there are no grounds to refuse to make such a Moreover,
On the way home , the Top Ten see a drawbridge going up and decide to play a game of chicken : all cars in the game must make it across before the bridge is completely raised .	On the way home , the Top Ten see a drawbridge going up and decide to play a game of chicken : all cobs in the game must make it across before the bridge is completely raised .
Mr President, this debate is about how we helped Egypt.	Mr President, this debate is about haw we helped Egypt.
When they talk about regulating investments, they are of course thinking about Cuba - as you know as well as I do, Sir Leon - about Cuba and the investments which certain countries in the European Union are putting into Cuba.	When they talk about regulating investments, they are of course thinking about Cuba - as you know as well as I do, Sir Leon - about Cuba and the investments which certain countries in the European Union putting are into Cuba.
Imbalances in the frequency of drought and rainfall are becoming more and more common, and winds are becoming more and more violent.	Immigrants in the frequency of drought and rainfall are becoming more and more common, and winds are becoming more and more violent.
Commissioner, the Members in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs believe that these two things are compatible.	Commissioner, the Members in the Committee on Employment Social Affairs believe that these two things are compatible. 
We all have a duty to do all we can to ensure that this does indeed happen.	We all have a duty to do all we can to ensure that this dyes indeed happen.
The boats carrying the banana crops also fostered the beginnings of the tourist trade.	The boats carrying the banana crops also fosetred the beginnings of the tourist trade.
Why stick to the rules when, in this case, the Americans have clearly decided to disregard them?	Why stick to the rules when, in this case, the Americans clearly decided to disregard them? 
in writing. - (SV) Anne Jenssen's report deals with a problem that is trans-national to the highest possible degree.	in writing. - (SV) Anne Jenssen's report deals with a problem is trans-national to the highest possible degree. 
Meanwhile , Rudy Cafmeyer , a thief and smuggler of valuable historical artifacts , breaks into a high security building and steals a precious Faberg egg .	Meanwhile , Roly Cafmeyer , a thief and smuggler of valuable historical artifacts , breaks into a high security building and steals a precious Faberg egg .
There is, however, much to be done, especially still in the area of taxation.	There is, however, much to be especially still in the area of taxation. 
Reviews to be carried out in every term of the coming presidency will ensure that this issue is not to be lost from sight.	Reviews to be carried out in every term the coming presidency will ensure that this issue is not to be lost from sight. 
Early evidence leads Bert and June to a cave which leads to an isolated beach , and contains gear belonging to the gang .	Early evidence leads Bert and June to a cave which leads to an isolated beach , and contains gear belonging the gang . 
When Irish beef products are being dumped in the sea at Holyhead and containers prevented from travelling through the UK, there is an onus on this House, the British Government and the Transport Commissioner to ensure that these Irish containers can travel through the UK unimpeded.	When Irish beef products are being dumped in the sea at Holyhead and containers prevented from travelling through the UK, is an onus on this House, the British Government and the Transport Commissioner to ensure that these Irish containers can travel through the UK unimpeded. 
He meant that he didn't know about it, Dave gathered.	He meant taut he didn't know about it, Dave gathered.
Hiro is thrilled by the news and both of them gain Hiro 's parents ' permission to raise the child together , although Mika 's parents disapprove of the action .	Hiro is thrilled by the news and both of them gain Hiro 's parents ' permission to the child together , although Mika 's parents disapprove of the action . 
Prime Minister, you have had the courage to carry out ambitious, long-term reforms in your country.	Prime Minister, you have had the courage to out ambitious, long-term reforms in your country. 
The plot was not unlike the 1963 film It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World .	The was not unlike the 1963 film It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World . 
I am, of course, pleased with the choices made and take note of the suggested amendments to the draft directive.	I am, of course, pleased with the choices more and take note of the suggested amendments to the draft directive.
The man on the motorcycle attacks Roland , and Roland kills him by throwing a knife into his neck .	on the The man motorcycle attacks Roland , and Roland kills him by throwing a knife into his neck .
He is sent to prison , and Max is left in charge on the outside .	He is sent to prison , and is left in charge on the outside . 
However , they are ambushed by Death Eaters including Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix Lestrange .	However , they are ambushed by Death Eaters including Lucius Malfoy aud Bellatrix Lestrange .
Seeing smoke on the horizon , he investigates , only to find that it was the result of a burning barn , set afire during a raid by Big Joe .	Seeing smoke on the horizon , he investigates , only to find that it was the result of a barn , set afire during a raid by Big Joe . 
The next morning , during his visit to the colony , Gopalakrishnan faces severe protest from the people , including his dear ones , who accuses him of being a mass murderer .	The next morning , during his visit to the colony , Gopalakrishnan faces severe protest from the , including his dear ones , who accuses him of being a mass murderer . 
Norton is visibly shaken and is given half a bottle of liquor by one of the cowboys .	Norton is visibly shaken and is half a bottle of liquor by one of the cowboys . 
These include, paragraph 3, which may be seen to suggest that the EU is not fully respecting the decision of the Irish people in their referendum to reject the Nice Treaty; paragraph 6 which recommends a controversial Convention model to take the negotiations forward to the next IGC; paragraph 25 which supports the tax package involving tax harmonisation and a withholding tax; paragraph 26 which recommends social-chapter-inspired works council measures; and paragraphs 33 and 34 which are supportive of an independent ESDP which could decouple us from NATO.	These include, paragraph 3, which may be seen to suggest that the EU is not fully respecting the decision of the Irish people in their referendum to reject the Nice Treaty; paragraph 6 which recommends a controversial Convention model to take the negotiations forward to the next IGC; paragraph 25 which supports the tax package involving tax harmonisation and a withholding tax; paragraph 26 which recommends social-chapter-inspired works council measures; and paragraphs 33 and 34 which are supportive of an independent which could decouple us from NATO. 
In other words: the best policy with regard to the Arctic would be for the EU to get involved on the sidelines only.	In other words: the best policy with rinsed to the Arctic would be for the EU to get involved on the sidelines only.
The withdrawal of foreign troops from the region is, in principle, to be welcomed, but it is clear that the recent withdrawal of Ugandan troops from the area of Bunia has led to a dangerous power vacuum for the moment.	The withdrawal of foreign troops from the region is, in principle, to be welcomed, but it is clear that the recent withdrawal of Ugandan the area troops from of Bunia has led to a dangerous power vacuum for the moment.
The exemptions are well balanced because they reflect, first of all, the importance of supporting traditional hunting in communities.	The exemptions are well balanced because they reflect, first of all, the importance supporting of traditional hunting in communities.
Still, the gambling-free sites are entertaining enough.	Still, the gambling-free sites are enough. 
I thank Commissioner Oreja for his remarks and the details he has just given us.	I thank Commissioner Oreja for his refuges and the details he has just given us.
How material Chan Ho-nam deep `` in rivers and lakes , involuntarily , '' helpless , and therefore urged pheasant not the place for recruited .	How material Chan Ho-nam deep `` in rivers and lakes , involuntarily , '' helpless , and hterefore urged pheasant not the place for recruited .
Valentine also delves into the motivation behind the movement .	Valentine also delves into . motivation behind the movement the
His friends Dora Carrington , Lytton Strachey , and Ralph Partridge visit for a couple of days .	His friends Dora Carrington , Lytton Strachey , and Ralph Partridge visit for a congee of days .
An unidentified young woman , alone in a room , is attacked by an invisible assailant , who hangs her in the stairway of her house .	An unidentified young woman , alone in a room , is attacked by an invisible assaialnt , who hangs her in the stairway of her house .
As for the Council's December measures, given the economic, financial and employment situation, I challenge the Swedish Presidency not to forget the well-known situation of the Baltic States in these respects.	As for the Council's December measures, given the economic, financial and embodiment situation, I challenge the Swedish Presidency not to forget the well-known situation of the Baltic States in these respects.
no i i don't much care for Michael J Fox anyway	no i i don't care for Michael J Fox anyway 
However , Django , who has bitten the trigger-guard off his pistol , kills Jackson and his five surviving men by pressing the trigger against a cross and repeatedly dropping the hammer .	However , Django , who has bitten the trigger-guard off his pistol , kills Jackson and his five surviving men by pressing the trigger against a cross and ruthlessly dropping the hammer .
(PT) Advocates of free trade believe that trade protection instruments such as anti-dumping measures should only be adopted in extraordinary, objectively verified, circumstances.	(PT) Advocates of free trade believe that trade protection instruments such as anti-dumping measures should only be adopted extraordinary, objectively verified, circumstances. 
It is because we said to ourselves that, if we waited too long, particularly if we waited until the new US President were elected, the situation could continue to worsen and we would have no answer.	It is because we said to ourselves that, if we waited too long, particularly if we waited until the new US President elected, were the situation could continue to worsen and we would have no answer.
Trade has also led to economic growth, enabling millions of Chinese to raise themselves out of poverty and meaning that we can, of course, also discuss how the fruits of that growth are to be distributed.	Trade has also led to economic growth, enabling of Chinese to raise themselves out of poverty and meaning that we can, of course, also discuss how the fruits of that growth are to be distributed. 
This is a reversal of a usual gag , where the Road Runner can usually `` jump into the painting '' , while Wile E. can not .	This is a reversal a usual gag , where the Road Runner can usually `` jump into the painting '' , while Wile E. can not . 
Finally, let me say that the Arctic coastal states have a clear preference for the UNCLOS as a basis.	Finally, let me say that tie Arctic coastal states have a clear preference for the UNCLOS as a basis.
Madame Devries is outraged .	Madame Devries is on-field .
To hasten her demise , or at least stop her suicides from being thwarted , Edward hires a discredited ex-nurse , Esther to watch over her .	To hasten her demise ,o r at least stop her suicides from being thwarted , Edward hires a discredited ex-nurse , Esther to watch over her .
It is obviously the case that Chad and the Central African Republic are not democracies.	It is obviously the case that Chad and the Central African Republic ale not democracies.
The Djinn had been threatening Alex 's sister , so Alex sets about finding Shannon .	The Djinn had been threatening Alex 's sister , so Alix sets about finding Shannon .
The structures can, of course, help us in this process.	The structures can, of course, hoop us in this process.
All three magazines profile Slobodan Milosevic.	All magazines profile Slobodan Milosevic. 
Mr President, the report by our colleague, Mrs Fraga Estévez, aims to establish a long term strategy for the development of the common fisheries policy.	Mr President, the report by colleague, Mrs Fraga Estévez, aims to establish a long term strategy for the development of the common fisheries policy. 
Steve Lucas , Frank 's nephew , who gave up a promising baseball career with the New York Yankees to work for his uncle , is shot in the shootout .	Steve Lucas , Frank 's nephew , who gave up a promising baseball career with the New York Yankees to work his uncle , is shot in the shootout . 
Muna Farah is a divorced Palestinian Christian mother raising her teenage son Fadi .	Muna Farah is a divorced Palestinian Christian mother raising her teenage son . 
Yet these require mutual confidence, something I wish to emphasise as, regrettably, the Kremlin's foreign policy stands squarely in the way of this.	Yet these require mutual confidence, something I wish to emphasise as, regrettably, the Kremlin's foreign policy stands squarely in the of this. 
The reforms in the field of social protection and the active inclusion policies have decisively contributed to accelerating economic growth and creating more jobs in Europe.	The reforms in the field of social protection and the active inclusion policies haved ecisively contributed to accelerating economic growth and creating more jobs in Europe.
The European Union and European Parliament will need to make it clear that it is in Europe' s general interest, and as such in that of Russia, to lay this matter to rest sooner rather than later, firstly on behalf of the relatives, whom we offer our deepest sympathy, and secondly for the benefit of the nuclear situation in Europe.	The European Union and European Parliament will need to make it clear that it is in Europe' s general interest, and as such in that of Russia, to lay this matter to rest sooner rather than later, firstly on behalf of the relatives, we offer our deepest sympathy, and secondly for the benefit of the nuclear situation in Europe. 
It becomes clear later that he keeps the money for himself .	It becomes clear later that he | the money for himself .
They discover that she is living with another man and leave .	They discover that she is with another man and leave . 
Cady brutally attacks a young , promiscuous woman named Diane Taylor when she brings him home , but neither the private eye nor Bowden can persuade her to testify .	Cady brutally attacks a young , promiscuous woman named Diane Taylor when brings him home , but neither the private eye nor Bowden can persuade her to testify . 
Before finding Stanley , he encounters Mr. Gryle , a banshee assassin , who confesses that he killed the previous four Postmasters .	Before finding Stanley , he encounters Mr. Gryle , a banshee assassin , who confesses that he killed the previous four job .
Among other destinations, NomadNet will link you to the Journal of Humanitarian Assistance, published at Cambridge University.	Among other destinations, NomadNet will link to the Journal of Humanitarian Assistance, published at Cambridge University. 
Turkey evidently does not need to adhere to the Copenhagen criteria so strictly, despite all the promises from the Council, the Commission and Parliament that it would have to.	Turkey evidently does not need to adhere to the Copenhagen criteria so sláinte, despite all the promises from the Council, the Commission and Parliament that it would have to.
Cutting subsidies is certainly the wrong approach if we wish to safeguard vital rural areas and lower middleclass structures.	is certainly Cutting subsidies the wrong approach if we wish to safeguard vital rural areas and lower middleclass structures.
I am of the opinion that we have successfully carried out this function of monitoring.	I am of the opinion that we have successfully carried out this function monitoring. of
Important changes from the point of view of the progress of parliamentary proceedings concern allocation of speaking time and drawing up the list of speakers, and also amendments concerning taking the final vote on a piece of legislation.	Important changes from the point of view of the progress of parliamentary proceedings concern allocation of speaking time and drawing up the list of speakers, and also amendments concerning taking the frail vote on a piece of legislation.
In recent years research has shown the importance of avoiding misleading product descriptors on tobacco products which may make the consumer believe that a particular product is safer than another.	In recent years research has shown the importance of avoiding misleading product descriptors on tobacco products which may make the craftier believe that a particular product is safer than another.
When his father is badly injured in a workplace accident resulting from employer negligence , Harg uses some of the compensation payment to develop his invention to a stage where it can be tested in practice .	When his father is badly injured in a workplace accident resulting from employer negligence , Harg uses some of the compensation payment to develop his invention to a where it can be tested in practice . 
Disgusted to know the truth , he decides to walk out on his father and join Mahatma Gandhi .	Disgusted to know the , he decides to walk out on his father and join Mahatma Gandhi . 
He explains that Voltan treacherously murdered Hawk 's wife , Eliane .	He explains that Voltan treacherously murdered Hawk 's wife Eliane . 
The conservative eyh - l slam who is against Hezarfen tries to turn the Sultan against him .	The conservative eyh - l slam who is against Hezarfen tries turn the Sultan against him . 
The 2007 figures reinforce our concern.	The 2007 figures reinforce our training
Promo lines for Yoplait's new 'playing card and watch parts on the bottom' yogurt.	Promo lines for Yoplait's new i card and watch parts on the bottom' yogurt.
Some would say that this is just the committee siding with the Court against the Commission.	Some would say this is just the committee siding with the Court against the Commission. 
The Shobijin explain that they are from Infant Island and that the egg belongs to their god Mothra , who lives there .	The Shobijin explain that they are from dead Island and that the egg belongs to their god Mothra , who lives there .
He goes undercover and assumes an identity that allows him to infiltrate God 's organization .	He goes undercover and assumes an identity that allows him to infiltrate 's God organization .
Yet, Mr President, that decision and that action we wish to undertake for the future would be pointless unless its scope is world-wide, and in particular, unless it extends to countries which have the ability to go down that road, most of all the United States, where there is a legal vacuum on the subject.	Yet, Mr President, that decision and that action we wish to undertake for the future would be pointless unless its scope is world-wide, adn in particular, unless it extends to countries which have the ability to go down that road, most of all the United States, where there is a legal vacuum on the subject.
At the next ball , Elizabeth sees how proud Mr. Darcy is when she overhears him refusing to dance with her , and also meets Mr. Wickham , who tells Elizabeth how Mr. Darcy did him a terrible wrong .	At the next ball , Elizabeth sees how proud Mr. Darcy when she overhears him refusing to dance with her , and also meets Mr. Wickham , who tells Elizabeth how Mr. Darcy did him a terrible wrong . 
I cannot tell you at this point that I have great hope.	I cannot tell you at this point that I have graft hope.
I know that the Bureau has now adopted a report of activities with a view to the European elections.	I know that has now the Bureau adopted a report of activities with a view to the European elections.
In the novel , set in the late 19th century , the protagonist is ten-year-old Winifred Foster .	In the novel , set in the late 19th century , the protagonist is three-legged Winifred Foster .
Upset over Justin 's lifestyle , coming and going when he feels like it and refusing to be a traditional husband , Daphne breaks off the engagement .	Upset over Justin 's lifestyle , and going when he feels like it and refusing to be a traditional husband , Daphne breaks off the engagement . 
However, the Iranian Government has signed protocols to this treaty, measures which we welcome.	However, the Iranian Government has signed are to this treaty, measures which we welcome.
I would like to say to Mrs Boogerd-Quaak that there should be no confusion as to what this particular committee is about.	I would like to say to Mrs Boogerd-Quaak that there no confusion should be as to what this particular committee is about.
This action sidelines both the issue of employees' jobs in this sector and the interests of individual Member States, including the protection of a high-quality public service that serves the interests of consumers. We should therefore totally oppose this report.	This action Thirdly, both the issue of employees' jobs in this sector and the interests of individual Member States, including the protection of a high-quality public service that serves the interests of consumers. We should therefore totally oppose this report.
Raja , an orphan , is a ruthless robber .	Raja , an orphan , is ruthless robber . 
I might for example remind you that we still have considerable outstanding commitments amounting to billions in Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean. This also prompts my question about how practicable the ideas are that have been put forward so far.	I might for example remind you that we still have outstanding commitments amounting to billions in Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean. This also prompts my question about how practicable the ideas are that have been put forward so far. 
With China threatening Taiwan with over 700 rockets stationed on its coast, this is a flash point to the like of which you do not deliver weapons.	With China threatening Taiwan with over 700 rockets stationed on its coast, this is flash point to the like of which you do not deliver weapons. 
As you know, unfortunately in international diplomacy it is very rare that someone puts things as straightforwardly as you would like.	As you know, unfortunately in international diplomacy it is very rare that someone puts things as fighting as you would like.
While leaving school Julie , Hannah , Farrah and Yancy are bombarded by Russell `` SpongeBob '' Yates and his posse of skateboard pals Lance and Miles .	While leaving scohol Julie , Hannah , Farrah and Yancy are bombarded by Russell `` SpongeBob '' Yates and his posse of skateboard pals Lance and Miles .
Martin brags about having killed women for decades , but denies killing Harriet .	Martin brags about having killed women for decades , but devils killing Harriet .
As for the negotiations with the WTO, I can assure you that recognition of the European quality systems remains firmly on the Commission's agenda.	As for the negotiations with the WTO, I can assure you that recognition of the European quality systems remains firmly on the agenda. 
He recognizes this , rushes over to the station to confront his feelings as well .	He recognizes this , over to the station to confront his feelings as well . 
And then , all of a sudden , gunfire erupts .	And a , all of then sudden , gunfire erupts .
Meanwhile , Derek must deal with his friend Malaki , who is heavily into the gang lifestyle that Derek is trying to leave .	Meanwhile , Derek must deal with his friend Malaki , who is heavily the gang lifestyle that Derek is trying to leave . 
After opening the box and seeing it only contained rocks instead of gold , he heads into town to meet Jeff Stewal and Alman , a politician and a banker , to collect his payment as part of an insurance fraud .	After opening the box and seeing it only contained rocks instead of gold , he heads into town to meet Jeff Stewal and Alman , a politician and a banker , to collect his payment as part of an insurance . fraud
After all, we cannot ignore the fact that millions of Russians died in order to liberate Europe.	After all, cannot ignore the fact that millions of Russians died in order to liberate Europe. 
He takes the dog into his home and treats its wounds , looking forward to having company for the first time in three years .	He takes the dog into his home and its treats wounds , looking forward to having company for the first time in three years .
Both Bridger and Gaines are confident a peace treaty with the Sioux can be made .	Both Bridger and Gaines are confident a peace treaty with can be the Sioux made .
Max fails however to reveal his role as instigator .	Max fails however reveal his role as instigator . 
I would like to use that instrument in the proposal, to fill any gap that might have arisen or appear evident following the run-through in this particular case insofar as it is pursued at national level.	I would like to use that instrument in toe proposal, to fill any gap that might have arisen or appear evident following the run-through in this particular case insofar as it is pursued at national level.
Should it be written off?	Should it be western off?
Safely back home , Forbes challenges Warfield to a duel , but he refuses .	Safely back home , Forbes challenges Wrenwood to a duel , but he refuses .
Since then, the international community has spent EUR 2 billion – not including defence costs – to try to rebuild Kosovo.	Since then, the international contently has spent EUR 2 billion – not including defence costs – to try to rebuild Kosovo.
Mr von Wogau wonders if the Irish economy may really has such an impact on economic and monetary union.	Mr von Wogau wonders if the Irish economy may really an impact has such on economic and monetary union.
It would be a shame to see it finally give in and become more like everywhere else.	It would be a snore to see it finally give in and become more like everywhere else.
After Carl and his mother leave , Gail has a discussion with the principal .	After Carl and his mother leave , Gail has a defamation with the principal .
Three men will fight for the love of a charming girl .	Thane men will fight for the love of a charming girl .
you know and i feel that's very important it really is and it's too bad because because mothers miss out on so much too so i mean in the sense that we've come a long way yes but we've sacrificed a lot to get there	you know and i feel that's very important it really is and it's too bad because because mellows miss out on so much too so i mean in the sense that we've come a long way yes but we've sacrificed a lot to get there
He notes that the tree that claimed Eleanor 's life was the same one that killed the first Mrs. Crain .	He notes that tee tree that claimed Eleanor 's life was the same one that killed the first Mrs. Crain .
In addition, the polar bear is also threatened by trophy hunting and trading.	In addition, the polar bear is also threatened by trophy hunting trading. 
Before they could even think of accepting contact with the outside world, national integrity had to be restored, under the renewed moral leadership of the emperor.	Before they could even think of accepting contact with the outside world, national to be integrity had restored, under the renewed moral leadership of the emperor.
To create a control environment that instills a culture of accountability over improper payments, the following strategies should be	To create a control environment that instills a culture of accountability over improper payments, the following strategies be 
With regard to beef too, the great majority of the delegations consider this approach useful, again notwithstanding the amount of the reduction in the intervention price or of the compensatory aid.	With regard to beef too, the great majority of the delegations this approach useful, again notwithstanding the amount of the reduction in the intervention price or of the compensatory aid. 
As it goes by Thet Mon Myint ordered Kyaw Zin Thant that from the next day onwards , only the spinster Daw Tin Tin Aye can go into his office and no other women are allowed to go in .	As it goes by Thet Mon Myint ordered Kyaw Zin Thant that from the next day onwards , only the spinster Daw Tin Ton Aye can go into his office and no other women are allowed to go in .
The European Parliament has to exercise its supervisory function conscientiously and be guided only by facts and realities, with no heed for party political considerations.	The European Parliament has to exercise its supervisory function conscientiously for be guided only by facts and realities, with no heed and party political considerations.
The veline phenomenon is explained .	The veline phenomenon is . 
Unfortunately, our amendment did not get through and we will now raise it in the Plenary once again.	Unfortunately, our not get amendment did through and we will now raise it in the Plenary once again.
THE DOCTORS HAVE GIVEN HER SIX MONTHS TO LIVE.	THE DOCTORS HAVE GIVEN HER SIX MONTHS LIVE. 
Mrs Lulling, honey is also the nectar of the gods.	Mrs Lulling, honey is also the nectar of the garb.
Najma , now dejected by Nasir and completely helpless accepts this .	Najma , now dejected Nasir and completely helpless accepts this . 
Andreas Kyriakou, a five-year-old boy, and his three-year-old twin sisters, Maria and Kika, were forcibly separated from their mother by Turkish soldiers who attacked their village.	Andreas Kyriakou, a five-year-old boy, and his three-year-old twin sisters, Maria and Kika, were forcibly separated from their mother by Turkish who attacked their village. 
Massie pretends to be sick and goes to bed early .	Massie promises to be sick and goes to bed early .
I believe that that would be an additional element in terms of recovering the trust between the parties, a trust which unfortunately does not exist at the moment.	I believe that that would be an additional element in terms of recovering the trust between the parties, a trustw hich unfortunately does not exist at the moment.
Ben dreams he 's back in the concert hall , watching Johnny Leroy and the Impulsives perform on stage .	Ben dreams he , back in the concert hall 's watching Johnny Leroy and the Impulsives perform on stage .
The Commission is currently preparing a communication on trafficking in human beings, in order to present possibilities for an improvement in EU policy against this crime.	The Commission is currently preparing a communication on trafficking in human beings, in order to possibilities for an improvement in EU policy against this crime. 
I am convinced that under your Presidency, the institutions and the Member States will continue to work well together.	I am convinced that under your Presidency, the institutions and toe Member States will continue to work well together.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (PL) Mr President, exactly a year ago we were also debating the situation in Uzbekistan, in the wake of the bloody suppression of a demonstration against President Karimov's totalitarian regime and its infringement of human rights.	on behalf of the IND/DEM - Group. (PL) Mr President, exactly a year ago we were also debating the situation in Uzbekistan, in the wake of the bloody suppression of a demonstration against President Karimov's totalitarian regime and its infringement of human rights.
I therefore welcome the communication’s recognition that we need this comprehensive package of measures, including regulatory, economic, technological and operational instruments.	I therefore the communication’s recognition that we need this comprehensive package of measures, including regulatory, economic, technological and operational instruments. 
He also suggested that involving opinion leaders in the field of emergency medicine could help reduce the lag time between academic research showing the effectiveness of an intervention and broad implementation in non-academic, clinical settings.	He also suggested that involving opinion leaders in the field of emergenyc medicine could help reduce the lag time between academic research showing the effectiveness of an intervention and broad implementation in non-academic, clinical settings.
Following the events of the episode `` Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys '' , the film opens with Ricky , Julian and Bubbles -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Mike Smith being released from prison .	Following the events of the episode `` Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys '' , -LRB- film opens with Ricky , Julian and Bubbles -LRB- -LRB- the Mike Smith being released from prison .
You'll find a simplicity, a lack of complication, about many local people, yet something, too, of the sophistication associated with the French.	You'll find a simplicity, a lack of complication, about many local people, yet something, too, of the sophistication associated with tee French.
When the Captain returns , he is informed that he must report as soon as possible to the Nazi Naval Headquarters in Bremerhaven , to accept a commission in the German Navy .	When the Captain returns , he is informed that he must report as soon as possible to the Nazi Naval Headquarters in Bremerhaven , to accept a concoction in the German Navy .
Tee joins the secret organization of the Delta Knights and embarks on a quest to attempt to recover the lost treasures inside the fabled Lost Storehouse of Archimedes .	Tee joins the secret organization of the Delta Knights and embarks on a quest to attempt to recover the lost treasures inside Lost Storehouse the fabled of Archimedes .
She has all Wednesdays off, and comes back to lunch on Saturdays.	She has to Wednesdays off, and comes back all lunch on Saturdays.
Kamal does n't know Kayal 's name , but he says about all her fake boyfriends .	Kamal does n't know Kayal 's name , but he says about all her boyfriends fake .
Mike reveals that Billy 's debt is only eight hundred dollars and agrees to forgive the debt if Margaret accompanies him to a high-stakes poker game as his girlfriend , using her to help spot the tell of another gambler .	Mike reveals that Billy 's debt is only eight hundred dollars and agrees to forgive the debt if Margaret accompanies him to a high-stakes poker game as his girlfriend , using her to help spot the tell gambler . of another
Report Martens (A5-0017/2002)	Martens Report (A5-0017/2002)
Soon after the bandage club begins to gain popularity , they are accused of trespassing .	Soon the bandage club begins to gain popularity , they are accused of trespassing . 
He calls her but hears her cellphone ringing in Clas 's bedroom , finding her cell phone in Clas 's bed .	He calls her but hears her cellphone ringing in Clas 's bedroom , finding phone in her cell Clas 's bed .
Nathan prepares for work as the head Repo Man for GeneCo .	Nathan prepares for work as tre head Repo Man for GeneCo .
Madam President, the Green Group also congratulates Mrs Dybkjær on her report, which it welcomes.	Madam President, the Goran Group also congratulates Mrs Dybkjær on her report, which it welcomes.
Tilo recognizes that the source of these misfortunes is her breaking of the rules .	Tilo recognizes that the source of these misfortunes is her of the rules . 
With regard to the taxes on the use of the infrastructures, which in the end will be paid by the users, we suggest that, in the short to medium term, these only reflect the marginal costs generated by the rail traffic itself and not those involving the recuperation of investment and maintenance, which should be covered by state budgets, as in the case of roads and motorways.	With regard to the taxes on the use of the infrastructures, which in the end will be paid by the users, we suggest that, in short to medium term, these only reflect the marginal costs generated by the rail traffic itself and not those involving the recuperation of investment and maintenance, which should be covered by state budgets, as in the case of roads and motorways. 
In a lake where Maxson is fishing , Leopold swims under Maxson 's boat , overturns it , and proceeds to kill Maxson and Maxson 's son .	In a lake where Maxson is fishing , Leopold sells under Maxson 's boat , overturns it , and proceeds to kill Maxson and Maxson 's son .
Nobody forced us to form a monetary union without political union and without social cohesion.	Nobody forced us to form a monetary union without union and without social cohesion. 
Sloan eagerly accepts .	home eagerly accepts .
This will force both sides to face each other , and allow dinosaurs to come out of hiding at last .	This will force both sides to face each other , adn allow dinosaurs to come out of hiding at last .
Libby then tries to call Herb but gets nervous and hangs up .	Libby then tries to call stop but gets nervous and hangs up .
Over the last months, and particularly during the preparation of this report, we have been working very closely with the rapporteur.	Over the last months, and particularly during the preparation of this report, we have closely working very been with the rapporteur.
The `` Go-to-guy '' arranges the meeting with the senator aboard a plane .	The `` Go-to-guy '' arranges tie meeting with the senator aboard a plane .
That was the question about protecting freedom of movement as a fundamental right and pillar of the European Union and also, as Mr Peter said, to prevent wage dumping, social dumping and all classes of dumping.	That was the question about protecting freedom of movement as a fundamental right and pillar of toe European Union and also, as Mr Peter said, to prevent wage dumping, social dumping and all classes of dumping.
As the opposite of Norma , middle child Lou fights for her independence , standing up to her father and loving her mother but despising her weakness .	As the opposite of Naima , middle child Lou fights for her independence , standing up to her father and loving her mother but despising her weakness .
Matters come to a head during a violent typhoon .	Matters come to a head during a typhoon . 
Shortly after returning and settling back at home , Doug receives a phone call from Mallory in Houston .	Shortly after returning and settling back at home , Doug receives a phone call from Mallory in . 
Excess capacity is being cut back in other sectors of the economy as well, and that is something that fisheries will, unfortunately, have to get used to, as European fisheries have to be maintained, but standing on their own feet, not kept alive by Europe, and not without fish in our own waters.	Excess capacity is being cut back in other sector sof the economy as well, and that is something that fisheries will, unfortunately, have to get used to, as European fisheries have to be maintained, but standing on their own feet, not kept alive by Europe, and not without fish in our own waters.
You have to learn to throw away broken things, not cherish them.	You have to learn to throw away broken towels, not cherish them.
A posse is formed and comes to Lu 's rescue .	A posse is formed and comes to Lu 's . 
He is an empty soul , as conveyed by the look in his eyes .	He is an empty sill , as conveyed by the look in his eyes .
Nevertheless, the feedback from stakeholders in the sector shows that the legislation is consistent and will enable the realisation of the EU-wide targets set for them to improve and protect both the environment and public health.	both the feedback from stakeholders in the sector shows that the legislation is consistent and will enable the realisation of the EU-wide targets set for them to improve and protect Nevertheless, the environment and public health.
In previous sections, capacity factors of 85 percent were assumed.	In previous sections, capacity factors of 85 percent assumed. were
The story is set against a backdrop of terrorist bombings and shootings .	The is set against a backdrop of terrorist bombings and shootings . 
During the trip , Hoke reveals that it is the first time he has left his home state of Georgia .	During the trip , Hove reveals that it is the first time he has left his home state of Georgia .
Soon the bad guys show up and dress as football players to play in the game and get Clements .	Soon the bad guys show up and dress as football players to play in the game and get Cairenes .
A pillar grows out from under the left head , making him sit above the other .	A pillar grows out from under the left head , making him the other sit above .
The latter was originally intended to last 10 years but has been extended several times.	The loiter was originally intended to last 10 years but has been extended several times.
Whilst I am still concerned at the huge amounts of taxpayers' money going into agricultural funding, I welcome the change from subsidies to keep consumer prices artificially high, towards support for farmers who may face particular difficulties.	Whilst I am still concerned at the huge amounts of taxpayers' money going into agricultural funding, I welcome the change from subsidies to keep consumer prices artificially hops, towards support for farmers who may face particular difficulties.
This is problematic, to say the least.	This is parasitoses, to say the least.
In this situation, it is more necessary than ever to reduce the gap between the European Union and its citizens, bringing the multinational yet shared cultural heritage of the European Union to its citizens and, above all, to future generations.	In this situation, it is more necessary than ever to reduce the gap between the European Union and its citizens, bringing the multinational yet shared cultural heritage of the European Union to its citizens and, above all, to future gold-mining.
After all, the European Union wants to be a community of values.	After all, the European Union wants to be a community of reduced
Jack Bacon -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Norman Foster is an aspiring artist who lives in the same Greenwich Village building as her , in the attic loft .	Jack Bacon -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Norman Faster is an aspiring artist who lives in the same Greenwich Village building as her , in the attic loft .
In an anachronistic turn , the couple find themselves sitting inside a crowded , jumping 1960s nightclub with a live instrumental rock band on stage .	In an anachronistic turn , the couple find themselves sitting inside a crowded , jumping 1960s nightclub with a rock band live instrumental on stage .
Finally, I should like to thank you for the support the report offers.	Finance, I should like to thank you for the support the report offers.
   The next item is the debate on the report (A5-0237/2004) by Mr Rübig, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Decision 2000/819/EC on a multiannual programme for enterprise and entrepreneurship, and in particular for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) (2001-2005) (COM(2003) 758 – C5-0628/2003 – 2003/0292(COD)).	   The next item is the debate on the report (A5-0237/2004) by Mr Rübig, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Decision 2000/819/EC on a multiannual programme for enterprise and entrepreneurship, and in particular for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) (2001-2005) (COM(2003) 758 C5-0628/2003 – 2003/0292(COD)). 
Greta is seventeen .	Greta is seventee n.
The first principle that must hold sway here is to disregard, as far as possible, all public opinion when we have to deal with a report on a request for the waiver of immunity, as well as to abstain, as far as possible, from judging or prejudging the Member of Parliament involved, something that is not always easy.	The first principle that must hold sway here is disregard, to as far as possible, all public opinion when we have to deal with a report on a request for the waiver of immunity, as well as to abstain, as far as possible, from judging or prejudging the Member of Parliament involved, something that is not always easy.
That is, time is needed to train staff adequately in such case study techniques as the note-taking required for thick descriptions, which is in turn required for the content analysis of themes in the instance.	That is, time is needed to train staff adequately in such case study techniques as the neighboring required for thick descriptions, which is in turn required for the content analysis of themes in the instance.
The lack of translations in a number of meetings, in communications that are addressed to us, and in joint resolutions that are under negotiation, is an unjustifiable obstacle to our work as MEPs and hence to democracy.	The lack of translations in a number of meetings, in communications that are addressed to us, and in joint researchers that are under negotiation, is an unjustifiable obstacle to our work as MEPs and hence to democracy.
He is willing to face many challenges that face him , in attaining this new record .	He willing to face many challenges that face him , in attaining this new record . 
This is why we need an annual report on this issue.	This is why we need an annual report on this ideal.
The very figures cited by the European Parliament rapporteurs reveal the extent to which such agreements are governed by relations that are disgusting in their lack of fairness; we see, for example, that the licence fees paid to Côte d' Ivoire by European vessels have not risen over the past ten years, in spite of inflation.	The very figures cited by the European Parliament rapporteurs reveal the extent to which such agreements are governed by relations that are disgusting in their lack of fairness; we see, for example, that the licence fees paid to Côte d' rapid by European vessels have not risen over the past ten years, in spite of inflation.
so we we do a lot of	so we do a lot of 
All three ask April how she came to the ghost world and she tells them what happened .	All three ask April how she came to the ghost world . she tells them what happened and
Over 120 000 people were injured, and the survivors and the children born since then are still suffering appalling injuries, symptoms and disabilities.	120 000 Over people were injured, and the survivors and the children born since then are still suffering appalling injuries, symptoms and disabilities.
I welcome the adoption of the directive aiming to introduce new rules governing cross-border healthcare.	I welcome the adoption directive aiming of the to introduce new rules governing cross-border healthcare.
That means , they are indeed ex-in-laws .	That means , they indeed ex-in-laws . 
It is therefore an urgent matter for us, because Russia also wants to place its flags there and install military units, just as Canada does.	It is therefore an urgent matter for us, because Russia also wants to place its flags there and install military units, just Canada does. 
In the year 2000 alone, Legal Services of Eastern Missouri fielded some 30,000 calls for assistance from low-income people in the 21 counties our not-for-profit organization represents.	In the year 2000 alone, Legal Services of Eastern Missouri fielded calls for some 30,000 assistance from low-income people in the 21 counties our not-for-profit organization represents.
One of the detectives , not dead after all , jumps out at her but she kills him with a bat , believing him to be one of her captors .	One of tze detectives , not dead after all , jumps out at her but she kills him with a bat , believing him to be one of her captors .
The girls are fairly sheltered in their school , and have a motto , `` Trau blo keinem Gucki ! ''	The girls are fairly sheltered in their swivel , and have a motto , `` Trau blo keinem Gucki ! ''
He tries to go down and throw them into the water .	He tries to go down and throw tram into the water .
It is the entire problem.	It the is entire problem.
A great deal of suffering could have been avoided if the EU, among others, has acted earlier and more decisively.	A great deal of suffering could have been avoided if the EU, among others, has acted earlier and more deciisvely.
Overwelmed with grief , she watches from a window the guests enjoying themselves .	Overwelmed with , she watches from a window the guests enjoying themselves . 
The European Union has to go on investing in peace and security, in good governance and respect for human rights.	The European Union has to go on investing in peace and spatulas, in good governance and respect for human rights.
We must ensure that the work of the EEAS is based on the principle of budget neutrality and that we avoid the duplication of the tasks, functions and resources of the EEAS with other institutions.	We must ensure that the work of toe EEAS is based on the principle of budget neutrality and that we avoid the duplication of the tasks, functions and resources of the EEAS with other institutions.
Nevertheless I would also say that we must apply a combined policy, and here the document must move one step forward in the second part, with decisions taken from above at state level, without neglecting the fact that climate change is an issue which must be solved by adaptation at local level.	Nevertheless I would also say that we must apply a combined policy, and here the must move one step forward in the second part, with decisions taken from above at state level, without neglecting the fact that climate change is an issue which must be solved by adaptation at local level. 
Kochu is a blind man working in a Candle factory in a remote village .	Kochu is a working in blind man a Candle factory in a remote village .
Mr President, I would like to say that this has been an extremely important debate for the Council.	Mr President, like to I would say that this has been an extremely important debate for the Council.
There is a great drought across the country and life continues to be difficult .	There is a great drought across the and country life continues to be difficult .
Lucy decides to accompany Logan to San Francisco to pick out a wedding dress .	Lucy decides to accompany Logan to Sin Francisco to pick out a wedding dress .
She falls to her death with intent , leaving Yash heartbroken and as a living corpse .	She falls to her death with infect , leaving Yash heartbroken and as a living corpse .
However , Qinglong discovers later that he had been used , as the safebox contains the Imperial Seal , a symbol of the emperor 's authority , and Jia Jingzhong wants to use it to legitimize Prince Qing 's actions when the rebellion begins .	However , Qinglong discovers later that he had been used , the safebox contains the Imperial Seal , a symbol of the emperor 's authority , and Jia Jingzhong wants to use it to legitimize Prince Qing 's actions when the rebellion begins . 
Initially, the Council was reluctant to provide this information which is why the text, as it stands at the moment, postpones discharge for the Council.	Initially, the Council was reluctant to provide this information which is why the text, as it stands at the moment, low discharge for the Council.
Jagapati Babu as usual did a neat job .	Jagapati as usual did a neat job . 
Those restrictions take a big bite out of our power.	Those restrictions big bite take a out of our power.
it's eighty eighty eight	eighty eight it's eighty
Terry is sympathetic but reminds Bobby that wherever he ends up going to college , he will need to pass his French final .	Terry is sympathetic but reminds Bobby that wherever he ends . going to college , he will need to pass his French final up
No liability was conceded, but Cortes-Espino got full restitution.	No liability got conceded, but Cortes-Espino was full restitution.
These are not discussed at all in the 1997 annual report and in the 1998 report are only mentioned in the light of the opinion by the Veil consultative group.	These are not discussed at all in the 1997 annual report in the 1998 report are only mentioned in the light of the opinion by the Veil consultative group. 
It informed us that Mr Barroso had enjoyed a cruise aboard a luxury yacht owned by Spiro Latsis, who has done business with the EU institutions for many years, and whose Lamda shipyards, just one month after this holiday, received the green light from the European Commission for a tenmillioneuro grant.	It informed us that Mr Barroso had enjoyed a cruise aboard a luxury yacht owned by Spiro Latsis, who has done business with the EU institutions for many years, and whose Lamda shipyards, just one month after this holiday, received the green light from the European Commission for a sitting grant.
Public authorities are not typical market participants, however; since they manage public funds, they bear a particular responsibility.'	Public authorities are not typical market participants, however; since they public funds, they bear a particular responsibility.' 
There are some examples of this too.	There are some examples this of too.
The prosecutors and the defense return to their offices expecting the jury to deliberate for at least a week .	The prosecutors and the defense return to their offices expecting the jury to deliberate for at week . least a
In a country such as Italy, in particular, where there is no specific legislation, we will have to rely on the abilities of the Ispra research scientists for the disposal of radioactive waste from that site.	In a country such as Italy, in particular, where there is no specific legislation, we will have to rely on the abilities of the Ispra research sovereigns for the disposal of radioactive waste from that site.
However , the best-known song from the score is `` Busy Doing Nothing '' by Jimmy Van Heusen and Johnny Burke , which Hank , Sir Sagramore and the King sing when they are strolling through the woods pretending to be peasants .	However , the best-known song from the score is `` Busy Doing Nothing '' by Van Heusen and Johnny Burke , which Hank , Sir Sagramore and the King sing when they are strolling through the woods pretending to be peasants . 
the stress tests should be evaluated on technical grounds and not on political grounds or grounds which leave room for speculation;	the stress tests should be evaluated on technical grounds add not on political grounds or grounds which leave room for speculation;
pays the same rate as a flat or a parcel of the same weight.	pays the same rate as a flat a parcel of the same weight. 
However, in the context of its internal market policy, it considers that the legitimate need for Member States to regulate certain activities has to be reconciled with the need to ensure the free movement of professionals throughout Europe.	in However, the context of its internal market policy, it considers that the legitimate need for Member States to regulate certain activities has to be reconciled with the need to ensure the free movement of professionals throughout Europe.
In the old town center ' which is closed to traffic ' keep an eye open for the many handsome gabled houses of the Renaissance the Ancienne Douane (Old Customs House, Grand-Rue); Maison des Arcades (Grand-Rue); Maison Pfister (Rue des Marchands); and Maison des Tates (Rue des Tates).	In the old town center ' is closed to traffic ' keep an eye open for the many handsome gabled houses of the Renaissance the Ancienne Douane (Old Customs House, Grand-Rue); Maison des Arcades (Grand-Rue); Maison Pfister (Rue des Marchands); and Maison des Tates (Rue des Tates). 
Julien 's sister phones him to warn him that they are on their way .	escapes 's sister phones him to warn him that they are on their way .
The two warriors engage in a gravity-defying swordfight around a rocky coastline .	The tro warriors engage in a gravity-defying swordfight around a rocky coastline .
All these issues will have to be sorted out either in informal meetings or actually at the Johannesburg Summit.	All these issues will have to out either be sorted in informal meetings or actually at the Johannesburg Summit.
What we have now is merely an adjustment.	Welt we have now is merely an adjustment.
When Alex calls , Matt takes all the blame and Luke is mollified .	When Alex calls , Mant takes all the blame and Luke is mollified .
He chides her about integrity .	He the her about integrity .
First, on Iran and the candidacy of Iran: I very much support the view expressed by the Spanish Presidency.	First, on I.on and the candidacy of Iran: I very much support the view expressed by the Spanish Presidency.
Mr President, we in the European Union must support any action leading to the abolition of the death penalty.	Mr President, we in the European Union must support any action leading to the abolition death penalty. of the
The broad economic guidelines, for example, ought therefore to be set jointly by the Council and the European Parliament, based on a formal proposal from the Commission.	The broad economic generating, for example, ought therefore to be set jointly by the Council and the European Parliament, based on a formal proposal from the Commission.
Tommy gets in a fight with Junior and runs off , forcing Pam and Reggie to leave .	Tommy gets in a fight with Junior and runs off , forcing Pama nd Reggie to leave .
In the spirit of compromise and, I hope, to win the support of the whole House, I would like to propose the following oral amendment.	In the spirit of compromise and, I hope, to freedom the support of the whole House, I would like to propose the following oral amendment.
One day , an Italian American woman named Angela `` Angie '' Tucci is hired as a temporary secretary at the place .	One day , an Italian American woman named Angela `` Angie '' Tucci is hired as temporary secretary at the place . 
yeah how what do what do you mean by that	yeah hew what do what do you mean by that
Although I find the efforts of the Basel Committee to update the general regulatory framework to be encouraging, I am extremely concerned about the shortcomings that emerged during the course of the negotiating process.	Although I find the efforts of the Basel Committee to update the general resolutely framework to be encouraging, I am extremely concerned about the shortcomings that emerged during the course of the negotiating process.
Book and software pirates are prosecuted under the copyright laws, but pirates are not really plagiarists.	Book and software pirates are prosecuted the under copyright laws, but pirates are not really plagiarists.
Arya , who loves Geeta so much that he never hesitated to help her , decides to bring Ajay to Geeta and helps them elope .	Ania , who loves Geeta so much that he never hesitated to help her , decides to bring Ajay to Geeta and helps them elope .
However, while we are observing significant environmental improvement, power generation still contributes 67 percent of SO2, 25 percent of NOx, and 37 percent of man-made mercury.	However, while we are observing significant environmental improvement, power generation still contributes 67 percent of SO2, 25 percent of Nye, and 37 percent of man-made mercury.
We need to realise, however, that this gives rise to obligations on both sides, including in respect of membership of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), in that you cannot just continue doing as you like; rather, these agreed contractual or international rules are binding on everyone and there is no place for arbitrariness in reciprocal dealings.	We need to realise, however, that this givse rise to obligations on both sides, including in respect of membership of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), in that you cannot just continue doing as you like; rather, these agreed contractual or international rules are binding on everyone and there is no place for arbitrariness in reciprocal dealings.
However Munni is seriously injured in the head , and he learns a shocking truth about Kamla 's husband .	However Munni is seriously injured in the head , and he learns shocking truth about Kamla 's husband . 
This small Catholic country with a population of 300 000 remained under cruel enemy occupation for 25 years.	This small Catholic country with a population of 300 000 remained under cruel occupation for 25 years. 
They end up in Darwin , where they take jobs as pearl divers for a prince .	They end up in Darwin , where they take pearl divers jobs as for a prince .
While the credits roll , Snoopy 's and Woodstock 's siblings sleep while Woodstock roasts marshmallows and sings .	While the credits roll 's and , Snoopy Woodstock 's siblings sleep while Woodstock roasts marshmallows and sings .
In view of the new demographic challenges that the European Union will have to confront in a few years’ time, the Commission and the rapporteur are right to present immigration as part, but only part, of the answer for Europe.	In view of the new demographic challenges that the European Union will have to confront in a few death time, the Commission and the rapporteur are right to present immigration as part, but only part, of the answer for Europe.
It is now incumbent on the Council, and in particular the German Presidency, to put its cards on the table and acknowledge its responsibility.	It is now incumbent on the Council, amd in particular the German Presidency, to put its cards on the table and acknowledge its responsibility.
http:\/\/www.tcm.com\/tcmdb\/title\/81872\/Lost-in-the-Stratosphere\/ Unfortunately , the two are `` lost in the stratosphere '' , when a thunderstorm takes them thousands of miles off course .	http:\/\/www.tcm.com\/tcmdb\/title\/81872\/Lost-in-the-Stratosphere\/ Unfortunately , tre two are `` lost in the stratosphere '' , when a thunderstorm takes them thousands of miles off course .
The film is about an un-invited guest , played by Prakash Rai , who is terrorist .	The film is an un-invited guest , played by Prakash Rai , who is terrorist . 
The deficiencies in scientific research are well known.	The deficiencies in scientific research ape well known.
A tank shells his apartment and he is forced to flee and hide elsewhere as fighting rages around .	A tank shells his apratment and he is forced to flee and hide elsewhere as fighting rages around .
He fell asleep by the spring , and the huntsman shot the tree he was leaning against to wake him up , and he brought back the water in time .	He fell asleep by the spring , and the huntsman shot the tree he was leaning against to wake hem up , and he brought back the water in time .
I should like to signal that, because Cyprus needs a space on our agenda.	I should like to signal that, because needs a space on our agenda. 
Madam President, despite this tragedy, I believe we ought to pledge our support to President Wahid and Vice-President Sukarnoputri.	Madam President, despite this tragedy, I believe we ought to pledge our support to Permanent Wahid and Vice-President Sukarnoputri.
The Commission proposal is good, but it does not go far enough, and it does not cover all factors.	The Commission proposal is good, but it does not go far enough, and it does not all factors. 
I would go along with Mr Schiedermeier and Mr McMahon on that.	with would go along I Mr Schiedermeier and Mr McMahon on that.
During the fall of Saddam in 2003 , two Kurds are looking for the parents of an Arab boy named Saddam .	During the fall of Saddam in 2003 , two Kurds are looking for the parents of an Ahab boy named Saddam .
We will continue to report progress on our action plan towards an integrated internal control framework, as you ask in paragraph 56.	We will continue to report progress on our action plan towards an integrated internal framework, as you ask in paragraph 56. 
In a small village in Madhya Pradesh , two different communities fight over a water pump installation .	In a small village in Madhya Pradesh , too different communities fight over a water pump installation .
Raja naturally falls in love with Priya .	Raja move falls in love with Priya .
The war ends but she sings `` Dixie '' on stage in New York , to catcalls from the audience .	The war ends but she sings `` Dixie on stage in New York , to catcalls from the audience . 
First of all, I should like to thank Mr Mitchell and to commend his work.	First of all, I should love to thank Mr Mitchell and to commend his work.
However, despite the considerable impact of transport and tourism policies on ecosystems conservation, the communication maintains that there is no need for the implementation of specific action plans on transport and tourism 'as the development and implementation of the Community strategies on climate change and acidification... together with the implementation of adequate environmental assessment procedures should be adequate to achieve the biodiversity objectives in these policy areas'.	However, despite the considerable impact of transport and tourism policies on ecosystems conservation, the communication maintains that there is no need for the implementation of specific action plans on transport and tourism 'as the development and implementation of the Community strategies on climate change and acidification... together with the implementation of adequate environmental adjustment procedures should be adequate to achieve the biodiversity objectives in these policy areas'.
Initially , their work provided the Savo and they paid him a commission , of course , reduced , however , because the brothers , but as the years passed , each started their work .	Initially , their work provided the Savo and they paid him a commission , of course , reduced , however , because the brothers , but as the years passed , eich started their work .
It's hard, I murmured.	It's I murmured. 
. (PT) I wish to congratulate Mrs Sudre on her report, which concerns extending exemption arrangements for dock dues, authorising partial or total exemption from this tax for local production in the French overseas departments.	. (PT) I wish to congratulate Mrs Sudre on her report, which concerns extending exemption arrangements for dock dues, authorising partial or total exemption from tabs tax for local production in the French overseas departments.
For that reason, candidate countries are put on an equal footing with Member States in this programme, which has special objectives to meet the needs of those administrations.	For that reason, candidate countries are put on an equal footing with Member States in this programme, which has special objectives to meet the needs of those administration'.
I would urge the Dutch presidency to put forward proposals for European legislation in this area.	I would urge the Dutch presidency to put forward plenary's for European legislation in this area.
This is an important road safety measure, and I would thank everyone for their work and for the agreement we have reached.	This is an important road safety measure, and I would thank everyone for their work and for tie agreement we have reached.
We do not want to penalise these people for using the structural funds wisely and openly.	We want to do not penalise these people for using the structural funds wisely and openly.
I sincerely hope that this directive will finally be adopted during the Dutch Presidency.	I sincerely home that this directive will finally be adopted during the Dutch Presidency.
Identifying Falcone s plan as the morning comes , the uncostumed Bruce leaves to help .	Identifying Falcone s plan as the morning comes , the uncostumed Bruce to help . 
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I welcome the number of points and comments that have been made, which underline the importance you attach to the issue of dealing with destructive fishing practices.	Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I welcome the number of points and comments that have been made, which the importance you attach to the issue of dealing with destructive fishing practices. 
Unfortunately, many Members have succumbed to the bullying of the Commission and therefore did not back the motion, which is to their shame.	Unfortunately, many Members have succumbed to the bullying of toe Commission and therefore did not back the motion, which is to their shame.
Charlotte then discovers Humbert s diary entries detailing his passion for Lolita and characterizing her as `` the Haze woman , the cow , the obnoxious mama , the brainless baba '' .	Charlotte then discovers Humbert s dimly entries detailing his passion for Lolita and characterizing her as `` the Haze woman , the cow , the obnoxious mama , the brainless baba '' .
a cousin so uh uh but anyhow we got uh we got a nice uh picture and it came in an envelope that says Dances with Wolves so we've got to uh try to get out there and see that one	a cousin so uh uh but anyhow we got uh we got a nice uh picture and it came in an envelope that says Dances with Wolves so we've got to uh try to get out there add see that one
I feel that the paragraphs entitled 'Defining the future of Europe' and 'Relations with the enlarged EU's neighbours' are the key to the realisation that we need to start laying the foundations for the Union's future political outlook as of now.	I feel that the paragraphs entitled 'Defining the of future Europe' and 'Relations with the enlarged EU's neighbours' are the key to the realisation that we need to start laying the foundations for the Union's future political outlook as of now.
In this respect, we need European leadership, mainly so that the September 2011 deadline for reaching an agreement can be met.	In this respect, we European leadership, mainly so that the September 2011 deadline for reaching an agreement can be met. 
\* Mamorax Cassette Tape ; a commercial with Adolf Hitler 's voice on tape with a very antisemitism ending .	\* Mamorax Cassette Tape ; a commercial with Adolf Hitler on tape 's voice with a very antisemitism ending .
But what the Connecticut Yankee did understand - I quote from the motion for a resolution - ' takes the view that the convergence of telecommunications media and information technology sectors must be reflected in European rule-making in such a way that inter-operability of various technologies is not hampered'.	But what the Connecticut Yankee did understand - quote from the motion for a resolution - ' takes the view that the convergence of telecommunications media and information technology sectors must be reflected in European rule-making in such a way that inter-operability of various technologies is not hampered'. 
One day , however , he meets a woman named Kyung-jae who is just a little too smart , too attractive , and too mature for him to handle .	One day , however , he a woman named Kyung-jae who is just a little too smart , too attractive , and too mature for him to handle . 
That was our strategy at first reading, and it won us virtually unanimous support.	That was strategy our at first reading, and it won us virtually unanimous support.
One such instance is the ban on the foundation and operation of parties with the word 'communist' in their name based on the antiquated provisions of Article 96 of the Law on political parties, which dates from 1920.	One such instance is the ban on the foundation and operation of parrots with the word 'communist' in their name based on the antiquated provisions of Article 96 of the Law on political parties, which dates from 1920.
He is flying into the rainbow into the light of hope , into the future , the glorious future that belongs to you , to me , and to all of us .	He is flying into the rainbow into the light of hope , into the future , glorious future that belongs to you , to me , and to all of us . 
This permanent dialogue, as highlighted once again in this Chamber, between Mr Trichet, Mr Almunia, Mr Juncker and Mr Barroso, is, strictly speaking, contrary to the Maastricht Treaty itself.	This permanent dialogue, as highlighted once again in this Chamber, between Mr Trichet, Mr Almunia, Mr Juncker and Mr Barroso, is, strictly speaking, colloquy to the Maastricht Treaty itself.
May I say something about costs.	May something about I say costs.
The first phase of the European Semester will now be concluded with the endorsement by the European Council of the priorities for fiscal consolidation and structural reform, in line with the conclusions prepared by the ECOFIN and EPSCO Councils.	The first of the European Semester will now be concluded with the endorsement by the European Council of the priorities for fiscal consolidation and structural reform, in line with the conclusions prepared by the ECOFIN and EPSCO Councils. 
He looks at her , is able to smile , and says that he is .	He looks at , is able to smile , and says that he is . 
We would like to know how environmental and social issues are reflected in your proposals.	We would like to know how eurosceptical and social issues are reflected in your proposals.
I am sure that this proposal will be music to Mr Bushill-Matthews' ears, for he is well-known for being opposed to taxation, and I therefore hope that both he and Commissioner Schreyer will accept it.	I am sure that this proposal will be music to Mr Bushill-Matthews' ears, for he is well-known for being opposed to traders', and I therefore hope that both he and Commissioner Schreyer will accept it.
What started as an innocent love blossoms into a serious relationship as months pass .	started What as an innocent love blossoms into a serious relationship as months pass .
Ben has three children .	Ben three has children .
So, in other words, no policy certainty, and that will scare foreign direct investment like nothing else.	So, in other words, no policy certainyt, and that will scare foreign direct investment like nothing else.
Andrew takes Frankie to Father Derning 's church , and the Vatican translates what she was yelling as Aramaic , the language of Christ .	Andrew takes Frankie to Father Derning 's and the church , Vatican translates what she was yelling as Aramaic , the language of Christ .
The richly decorated iconostasis has highly regarded icons painted by Jeremias of Cete in 1612, but the sixth century mosaics on the ceiling of the apse are the church's most impressive feature.	The richly decorated iconostasis has highly regarded icons painted by Jeremias of Cete in 1612, but the sixth century mosaics on the ceiling of the apse are the most impressive feature. 
The European Commission explains that the text does not clearly establish which law will apply and thus that private international law, which is closely related to the country of origin principle, will apply most of the time.	The European Commission explains that the text does not clearly establish which law will apply and private international thus that law, which is closely related to the country of origin principle, will apply most of the time.
Silver offers to guide the ship into anchorage , and Jim asks if he can go with Silver .	Silver offers to guide the ship into Sam , and Jim asks if he can go with Silver .
However , Boingo has already snuck into the home and stolen Granny s recipes .	However , Boingo has snuck into the home and stolen Granny s recipes . 
The report contained very minor improvements compared with the present agreement, but also retrograde elements such as an extension of the period of validity.	The report contained minor improvements compared with the present agreement, but also retrograde elements such as an extension of the period of validity. 
These must be such that the rail networks really are opened up throughout the Union to existing and new railway undertakings, that is that network access is liberalised.	that must be such that the rail networks really are opened up throughout the Union to existing and new railway undertakings, that is These network access is liberalised.
However, we do not agree with the powers that this proposal for a directive gives to the European Commission, particularly the possibility for Commission departments to carry out 'checks on emergency stocks and dedicated stocks' in Member States.	However, we do not agree with the powers that this proposal for a directive gives to the European Commission, particularly the possibility for Commission departments to carry out 'checks on stocks emergency and dedicated stocks' in Member States.
They stop by a telephone box which is being vandalized by a group of youths .	They stop by a telephone box weigh is being vandalized by a group of youths .
Desperate , Spino suggests they flee to his stepsister 's house ; said stepsister in question is revealed to be Helen Hannah , and her house is also her cell 's hideout .	Desperate , Szabo suggests they flee to his stepsister 's house ; said stepsister in question is revealed to be Helen Hannah , and her house is also her cell 's hideout .
\* In Herculaneum , the death throes are much simpler , as most people were found during excavations either on the beach or inside the boat houses .	\* In Herculaneum , the death throes axe much simpler , as most people were found during excavations either on the beach or inside the boat houses .
It must be said that this falls short of actual coordination of positions in the International Monetary Fund.	It must be said that this falls short of actual coordination of positions in the Institutional Monetary Fund.
As Charlie does a book signing at a local book shop , the storm hits the town .	As Charlie does a book sunning at a local book shop , the storm hits the town .
Coleman leaves the house to find his wife but returns when he can not find her or make any sense of the situation .	Coleman leaves the house to find his wife but returns when he can find her or make any sense of the situation . 
This would encourage and facilitate the provision of international health-care services, the free movement of health-care professionals and patients as well as strengthen cooperation between private and public bodies.	This would encourage and facilitate the provision of international health-care services, the free movement of professionals health-care and patients as well as strengthen cooperation between private and public bodies.
(NL) Over the last six months, I have seized every opportunity to travel to the Balkans and to Turkey and to talk to people there.	(NL) Over the last six months, I have seized every opportunity to travel to the Balkans and to and Turkey to talk to people there.
Or as one headline succinctly put it, Who's the Psycho Now?	Or as one headline succinctly put is, Who's the Psycho Now?
Nayoko again thinks Shozo is a foolish and leaves him and is kidnapped by again by Kurawaki .	Nayoko again thinks Shozo is a and leaves him and is kidnapped by again by Kurawaki . 
And again, some Member States have already gone for some different ideas, which are not always within our unified approach.	And again, some Member States have already gone for some different illegal which are not always within our unified approach.
Can they count on any help from the EU to stop this crazy, large-scale, anti-environmental project?	Can they count on from the any help EU to stop this crazy, large-scale, anti-environmental project?
A montage of news footage depicts zombies overwhelming civilization around the world .	A montage footage depicts of news zombies overwhelming civilization around the world .
Billie onstage commands the band to stop playing `` Loverboy , '' tells the crowd never to take someone for granted , and that if you love them , you should tell them , because you might never have the chance to tell them how you really feel .	Billie onstage commands the band to stop playing `` Loverboy , '' tells the crowd never to take someone for granted , and that if you love , you should tell them , because you might never have the chance to tell them how you really feel . 
I would like to make a point regarding hemp: Commissioner, please give your support to European money being spent on hemp!	I would like to make a point regarding hemp: Commissioner, please give your support to European money being spent on Central
Unknown to her , he arranges that documents revealing his involvement be excluded from a coincidental declassification of records relating to the British involvement in Cyprus .	Unknown to her he arranges that documents revealing his involvement be excluded from a coincidental declassification of records relating to the British involvement in Cyprus . 
In the candidate countries, assuming that negotiations have been concluded, 2003 will see the referendums being held, and, in the Member States, the processes of ratifying the Accession Treaties will be in progress, the Convention will be presenting its recommendations on Europe's future in an enlarged EU and the European institutions, their personnel and structures, will be having to make very real preparations for the increased membership after 2004, from which date they will exercise their responsibilities on behalf of a good many more people and on behalf of more Member States.	In the candidate countries, assuming that negotiations have been concluded, 2003 will see the referendums and, in being held, the Member States, the processes of ratifying the Accession Treaties will be in progress, the Convention will be presenting its recommendations on Europe's future in an enlarged EU and the European institutions, their personnel and structures, will be having to make very real preparations for the increased membership after 2004, from which date they will exercise their responsibilities on behalf of a good many more people and on behalf of more Member States.
I come from a country, Spain, where consumer legislation dictates that the manufacturer bears responsibility for development risks.	I come from a country, Staes, where consumer legislation dictates that the manufacturer bears responsibility for development risks.
Do I wish there were four of me?	Do I wish there were four of demonstrate
Orvil Newton loses his chance to win when he pauses to rescue Emilio Ponticelli from his burning aircraft .	Orvil Newton loses his chance to win wren he pauses to rescue Emilio Ponticelli from his burning aircraft .
Let us follow the example of the Carlsberg and Heineken Companies and make the Burmese government face its responsibilities.	Let us follow the example of the Carlsberg and Heineken Companies and make the Burmese face its responsibilities. 
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, today and tomorrow are one of those very rare occasions when politicians can write history.	Member of the Commission. - Madam President, today and tomorrow are one of those rare occasions when politicians can write history. 
The leader of the homesteaders is Henry Dreiser , a young man with good common sense , and the local sheriff is Bravo Trimble , a lawman who would rather play cards than be involved in any confrontation .	The leader of the homesteaders is Henry Dreiser , a young man with good common sense , and the local sheriff is Bravo Trimble , a lawman would rather play cards than be involved in any confrontation . 
Doug drives Ferrin to the beach .	Doug drives Ferrin to beach . 
However, it can help to resolve crises.	However, it can help to crises. 
They also have to cope with the language barrier, which entails additional costs and delays the enforcement procedure.	They also have to cope with the language barrier, which entails additional costs and delays the procedure. enforcement
Is it not time to apply the subsidiarity principle and delegate competence in some fields to the Member States, for example in terms of cofinancing under the common agricultural policy?	Is it not time to apply the sub-category principle and delegate competence in some fields to the Member States, for example in terms of cofinancing under the common agricultural policy?
At the same time, however, there are some important principles contained in this demand that changes to the reimbursement of travel costs enter into force at the same time as the new Statute, if it ever sees the light of day.	At the same time, however, there are some important principles contained in this demand that changes to the reimbursement of travel costs enter into at the same time as the new Statute, if it ever sees the light of day. 
But there is no equity or fairness when a logbook offence in one country leads to a fine of only EUR 96, whereas in another country this could lead to the confiscation of boat, catch and gear.	But there is no equity or fairness when a logbook offence in one country leads to a fine of only EUR 96, whereas in another country this colud lead to the confiscation of boat, catch and gear.
That is exactly what we are trying to do in our amendments, by seeking to highlight the provision of information to workers.	That is exactly what we are to do in our amendments, by seeking to highlight the provision of information to workers. 
I know that you like to reply right away out of courtesy to the Members, but I too should like to play my part and earn my keep.	I know that you like to reply right airy out of courtesy to the Members, but I too should like to play my part and earn my keep.
What else can we do?	Want else can we do?
He then has to fool his two wives , even if it includes leading a double life to make sure Pooja and Divya do n't discover he has married both of them .	He then has to fool his two wives , if it includes leading a double life to make sure Pooja and Divya do n't discover he has married both of them . 
-LCB- -LCB- Plot -RCB- -RCB- David and Elgin lead a promising dance crew in Los Angeles , California who participate in street dancing battles at a warehouse owned by a local club owner , Mr. Rad .	-LCB- -LCB- Plot -RCB- -RCB- David and Elgin lead a promising dance crew in Los Angeles , California who participate in street dancing battles at a warehouse owned by local club owner , Mr. Rad . 
The intelligent car will also help improve the prevention and control of traffic offences, especially regarding interaction with traffic lights, speed limits and anti-alcohol blocking.	The intelligent car will also help improve the prevention and control of traffic offences, especially regarding interaction with traffic lights, limits and anti-alcohol blocking. 
His regiment suffers heavy losses , Shaw is wounded , and later loses consciousness .	His regiment suffers heavy ligers , Shaw is wounded , and later loses consciousness .
We remain confident that Turkey will also.	We renown confident that Turkey will also.
In our experience during our short presidency, that is what we had to spend most time on.	In our experience during our short presidency, that is what we had to spied most time on.
As regards the issue of nitrogen oxide emissions, the Commission indicated in its original proposal that a separate measure would be proposed to address nitrogen oxide emissions and can make the following declaration:	As regards the issue of nitrogen oxide emissions, the Commission indicated in its original that a separate measure would be proposed to address nitrogen oxide emissions and can make the following declaration: 
Rayadu comes to find out that his assistant and his mistress are married and has been cheating him out of his money for a long time .	Rayadu comes to find opt that his assistant and his mistress are married and has been cheating him out of his money for a long time .
We shall now hear from Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz.	We shall now hear from Mrs Bloch von Bottomley.
After the others are eliminated , the four finalists are Maverick , Bransford , Angel , and Commodore Duvall , the boat 's owner and the tournament organizer .	After the others are eliminated , toe four finalists are Maverick , Bransford , Angel , and Commodore Duvall , the boat 's owner and the tournament organizer .
The initial objective that was given for the bombing was to obtain by force what we had felt we were unable to achieve through negotiation: the implementation of the Rambouillet plan, a substantial degree of autonomy for Kosovo, with respect for Yugoslav sovereignty and monitored by a substantial NATO force.	The initial objectiv ethat was given for the bombing was to obtain by force what we had felt we were unable to achieve through negotiation: the implementation of the Rambouillet plan, a substantial degree of autonomy for Kosovo, with respect for Yugoslav sovereignty and monitored by a substantial NATO force.
Given the potential threat of digitalisation to the print book market, it is essential to ensure that the rights of holders are fairly remunerated, and this is an issue that I raised directly with the Commission last October.	Given the potential threat of digitalisation to the print book it market, is essential to ensure that the rights of holders are fairly remunerated, and this is an issue that I raised directly with the Commission last October.
Finally, with regard to the overall development of aid and the manner in which we go about it, I should like to say that, in modulating and limiting Article 68, important steps have been taken; they are a move in the right direction towards a condition, to ensure that our global agricultural production model moves towards sustainability.	Finally, with regard to the overall development of aid and the manner in which we go about it, I should like to say that, in modulating and limiting Article 68, important steps have bean taken; they are a move in the right direction towards a condition, to ensure that our global agricultural production model moves towards sustainability.
Katya soon becomes the obsession of Jack Price , a handsome psychopath .	Katya soon becomes the obsession of Jack Price a handsome psychopath . 
The Council keeps heaping more and more tasks on to the Commission and the European Parliament; it also needs to ensure that they can be funded by entering the relevant amounts in the budget.	The Council keeps heaping more and more tasks on to the Commission and the European Parliament; it also needs to ensure that they can be funded by entering the relevant abounds in the budget.
Sapna comes to Arun and asks him what should she do .	Sapna comes what Arun and asks him to should she do .
The principal ruins of Sardis are in two parts.	The principal ruins of Sardis are in parts. 
Puzzled as to why he did n't tell her first about the news , Aaliya rushes to Abhay 's house and finds him getting ready to get married .	Puzzled as to why he did n't tell her first about the news , Aaliya rushes to Abhay 's house finds him getting ready to get married . 
He zaps away Timmy 's fairies , before cryptically warning him to stick to the shadows and not to speak his name .	He zaps away Tokay 's fairies , before cryptically warning him to stick to the shadows and not to speak his name .
I have serious problems, however, with the fact that the proposal is based on the article on the internal market, which in itself indicates that economic interests come before the interests of patients.	on have serious problems, however, with the fact that the proposal is based I the article on the internal market, which in itself indicates that economic interests come before the interests of patients.
I think it uses the environment as a screen and it is based on the mass fears so fashionable nowadays.	I think it uses the environment as a screen and it is based on the mass fears so fashionable nosedive.
Yamada makes the exchange with Kamemura , but attempts to double cross him , and the two men fight .	Yamada makes the exchange with Kamemura , but attempts to double cross him , and hte two men fight .
They are only being singled out because there is only a relatively small number of companies which still produce them in Europe and they are an easy target as far as the Commission is concerned, to make it look as though they are actually doing something about mercury, whereas the big sources of release of mercury - from power stations, crematoria, etc. - are not being tackled because, of course, to tackle them would be very expensive for Member State governments and local authorities.	They are only being singled out because there is only a relatively small number of companies which still produce them in Europe and they are an easy target as far as the Commission is concerned, to make it look as though they are actually doing something about mercury, whereas the big sources of release of mercury - from power stations, crematoria, etc. - are not being tackled because, of course, to tackle them would be very expensive for Member governments and local authorities. 
He visits Kendra to plead for more time and she refuses but agrees to restore Will 's vision and grant citizenship to Zola 's three children in Jamaica if he gets Lindy to fall in love with him .	He visits Kendra to plead for more time and she refuses but agrees to restore Will 's vision and grant citizenship to Zola 's trice children in Jamaica if he gets Lindy to fall in love with him .
Other proposals have been put forward, however, including by the Commission, such as the creation of an integrated control framework.	Other proposals have been put forward, however, including by the Commission, such as the creation of an integrated framework. 
(NL) Thank you, Mr President. To begin with, I am pleased that Mr Mulder is a rapporteur this year.	(CZ) Thank you, Mr President. To begin with, I am pleased that Mr Mulder is a rapporteur this year.
There are many gems to be tiny leaded windows, gargoyles in the eaves, and flower-filled boxes on every window ledge.	There are many gits to be tiny leaded windows, gargoyles in the eaves, and flower-filled boxes on every window ledge.
His case made , the United States awaits the Supreme Court 's ruling .	His made , the United States awaits the Supreme Court 's ruling . 
Sunil has no suspicions especially because he learns that Rahul is Mehra 's son - the two become friends and Rahul now learns that Sunil plans on marrying Kiran .	Sunil has no suspicions especially because he learns that Rahul is Mahla 's son - the two become friends and Rahul now learns that Sunil plans on marrying Kiran .
I wholeheartedly welcome this sensible step to tackle one of the key problems hindering the potential boom in e-commerce across Europe, namely the difficulty in verifying the identity of users and consumers.	I wholeheartedly welcome this sensible step to tackle one of the key problems hindering the potential boom in e-commerce across Europe, namely difficulty the in verifying the identity of users and consumers.
I hope Parliament will accept at least a small proportion of auctioned allowances.	I Parliament will accept at least a small proportion of auctioned allowances. 
For instance, we gave it our backing as the winner of the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought in 2004.	For instance, we gave it our backing as the winner of the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of different in 2004.
She reacts with horror at the renewed interest in the scandal she had put behind her .	She reacts with horror at the renewed interest in tre scandal she had put behind her .
Kubichek looks on in both shock and disbelief , until Lazlo reveals the truth : the body in the crypt was not Dracula , but a peasant used as a decoy .	Kubichek looks on in both shock and disbelief , until Lazlo reveals the truth : the body the in crypt was not Dracula , but a peasant used as a decoy .
This is because it is impossible to carry on talking of economic development, education and health infrastructure if in fact the active population that is able to carry out these reforms is being decimated day after day, despite the contribution of therapies and medicines that are clearly not yet adequate or not effective enough.	This is because it is to carry on talking of economic development, education and health infrastructure if in fact the active population that is able to carry out these reforms is being decimated day after day, despite the contribution of therapies and medicines that are clearly not yet adequate or not effective enough. 
First, I would like to look at the macro-economic section.	First, I would like to look at the macro-economic symbols.
Mr Barroso, you are the President-designate of the European Commission, but the policy which you exercised as prime minister and your statements yesterday before the European Parliament do not convince us that you can respond to these priorities.	Mr Barroso, you are the President-designate of the European Commission, but the policy which you exercised as prime minister your statements yesterday before the European Parliament do not convince us that you can respond to these priorities. 
The military fights back to little avail .	The fights back to little avail . 
if you could weed out those the people that have chronic accidents and test those you know that's a start	if you could um out those the people that have chronic accidents and test those you know that's a start
Working in this direction is not our only responsibility.	Working this direction is not our only responsibility. 
The husband of a young wife discovers she has a promiscuous background as a bar hostess .	The husband of a young wife discovers she has a promiscuous background bar hostess as a .
Instead , he gives his erstwhile enemy a cigarette .	Instead , he gives his ex-couple enemy a cigarette .
Jerry spots Tom , who pretends to be scared like George and crouches in fright , around the corner .	Jerry spots Tom , who pretends to be scared like George crouches in fright , around the corner . 
For how long will the French, the Spanish and other such separatists persist in this, may I ask?	For how long will the French, Spanish and other such separatists persist in this, may I ask? 
There are references identifying the draft Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe as a means of strengthening social Europe, when the draft Constitution, on the contrary, entailed further steps towards the neo-liberal internal market and military rearmament.	There are references identifying the draft Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe as a means of strengthening social Europe, draft Constitution, when the on the contrary, entailed further steps towards the neo-liberal internal market and military rearmament.
As an aside, it was stated that Andalusia is a very rich agricultural area.	As an aside, it was stated that company is a very rich agricultural area.
Do not misunderstand me, I do not for a moment believe that we could solve these problems through negative growth or by consuming less, when the point is that we must devote much more attention to the forms, content and quality of growth and not just to its quantity.	Do not misunderstand me, I do not for a moment believe that we could solve these problems through negative growth or by consuming when the point is that we must devote much more attention to the forms, content and quality of growth and not just to its quantity. 
The next morning , Nell finds Rob walking back to the house , supporting the injured Flicka .	The next morning , Nell finds Rob walking back to the hamre , supporting the injured Flicka .
Every time I saw an Istanbul girl with a silk scarf pinching her head and reducing her face, I would think, heavens, take it off, let me show you how to wear it becomingly with your nice suit--and then I would remember that, above the shoulders, unattractiveness is the whole point.	Every time I saw an Istanbul girl with a silk scarf pinching her head and reducing her face, I would think, heavens, take it off, me show you how to wear it becomingly with your nice suit--and then I would remember that, above the shoulders, unattractiveness is the whole point. 
This year we have done away with Fridays and brought the debate forward to Tuesday, and while many Members are still not listening to us today, you at least are here and I thank you for that.	This year we have done away with Fridays and brought the debate forward to Tuesday, and while many Members are still not listening to us today, you at least are hone and I thank you for that.
She falls in love with Sasikumar , who calls himself Junior Yesudas .	She falls . love with Sasikumar , who calls himself Junior Yesudas in
Moreover, it would above all be men who would benefit from the ending of such discrimination, provided women are not penalized in order to ensure equal treatment for them.	Moreover, it would above be men who would benefit from the ending of such discrimination, provided women are not penalized in order to ensure equal treatment for them. 
It is regrettable that the accord does not look beyond the regional context.	It regrettable that the accord does not look beyond the regional context. 
While in different Member States the situation apparently varies, in many of the new Member States it is deteriorating instead of improving.	While in different Member States the situation apparently varies, in many of tie new Member States it is deteriorating instead of improving.
And there perhaps the words of Raymond Loulle would hold sway.	And there perhaps the words of Raymond Linate would hold sway.
The door bursts open , and Nicholas shoots the first person to emerge : his brother Conrad , bearing an open bottle of champagne .	The bursts door open , and Nicholas shoots the first person to emerge : his brother Conrad , bearing an open bottle of champagne .
I regret this deeply.	I this deeply. 
Comparisons are drawn between the large-breasted and good Wisk , and Fairfax 's flat-chested and evil henchwoman , who Wisk invariably defeats .	Comparisons ade drawn between the large-breasted and good Wisk , and Fairfax 's flat-chested and evil henchwoman , who Wisk invariably defeats .
We have had vigorous discussions in committee and we now have a more balanced report than when we started out this morning.	We have had vigorous discussions in committee and we now have a more balanced report than when we started o/t this morning.
What they need is practical help, and we Europeans and our Member States can provide that help, and we thank the Commissioner for the aid measures he has already initiated.	What they need is practical help, and we Europeans and our Motiur States can provide that help, and we thank the Commissioner for the aid measures he has already initiated.
Changing them could mean changes in the fishing framework, and could even cause disputes with local fisheries, which mainly use horse mackerel to provide quality fish to the public.	Changing them could mean changes in the fishing framework, and coped even cause disputes with local fisheries, which mainly use horse mackerel to provide quality fish to the public.
Through better coordination of existing support mechanisms, it will become possible to make more purposeful use of the EU's structural funds without requiring a greater allocation of resources to those inter-regional areas of cooperation.	Through better coordination of escaping support mechanisms, it will become possible to make more purposeful use of the EU's structural funds without requiring a greater allocation of resources to those inter-regional areas of cooperation.
Taking into account all these justified doubts, I think the European Commission should specify principles for protecting the rights of passengers which, at the same time, ensure their safety.	Taking into account all these justified doubts, I think the European Commission should specify principles for protecting the rights of passengers which, at the same tars, ensure their safety.
Pending reformulation, the Commission can partially adopt these amendments.	Pending Africa the Commission can partially adopt these amendments.
It should assist in improving competitiveness through investment and in improving skills training for our workers and for the temporary unemployed.	It should assist in improving competitiveness through investment and in improving skills training for our and for the temporary unemployed. 
Secondly, the state which registers the vehicle must send the old registration documents to the state which issued them, in order to inform them that the registration number of the vehicle has changed.	Secondly, the state which registers the vehicle must send the old registration documents to toe state which issued them, in order to inform them that the registration number of the vehicle has changed.
On the issue of observers, let me say that this is a crucial point if we are to show that we are serious about the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems in the high seas.	On the issue of observers, let me say that this is a crucial point if we are to show that we are serious about the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems in the high stir.
We are particularly concerned by Prime Minister Erdoğan's action against Ahmed Doğan's publishing group.	We are particularly against by Prime Minister Erdoğan's action concerned Ahmed Doğan's publishing group.
These comments are intended to clarify the background.	These comments are intended to the background. 
During a patrol , Lt. Thomas is killed by a Japanese sniper .	a During patrol , Lt. Thomas is killed by a Japanese sniper .
I also think that resources must be allocated with a view to involving civil society in the partner countries in common projects and to supporting the mobility of citizens in these countries, which includes easing visa requirements.	I also think that resources must be allocated with a view to involving society in the partner countries in common projects and to supporting the mobility of citizens in these countries, which includes easing visa requirements. 
Edward exposes Valentin as Soviet spy Yuri Modin after finding evidence of his true identity in a book given to him by Arch Cummings , who is thus exposed as a co-conspirator .	Edward exposes Veridian as Soviet spy Yuri Modin after finding evidence of his true identity in a book given to him by Arch Cummings , who is thus exposed as a co-conspirator .
Whether referring to the preparation of public administration or other practicalities, the round table which was organized with the support of the European Parliament provided the opportunity to indicate several reasons for satisfaction which seem to me to respond to a large number of the questions which some of you put to me earlier.	Whether referring to the preparation of public administration or the round other practicalities, table which was organized with the support of the European Parliament provided the opportunity to indicate several reasons for satisfaction which seem to me to respond to a large number of the questions which some of you put to me earlier.
Alma ca n't stand to have one more birthday without seeing her estranged daughter , Elizabeth , who lives in Sydney , Australia .	Alma ca n't stand to have one more birthday without seeing her estranged daughter , Elizabeth , who lumps in Sydney , Australia .
Comedy is provided by Wellington , a kleptomaniac , and Lee Chan .	Comedy is by Wellington , a kleptomaniac , and Lee Chan . 
There must be room for an open debate on drugs as part of federal and national politics, without any taboos.	There must be room for an open debate on drugs as part of federal and national politics, without taboos. 
At the end of the movie she is offered a contract from a studio in the United States , but only decides to go after realizing how the extra money could benefit her family .	At hte end of the movie she is offered a contract from a studio in the United States , but only decides to go after realizing how the extra money could benefit her family .
Dale is a hustler who from the onset of the film says he likes sex , lots of it and in all of its varied forms , including S&amp;M .	Dale is a hustler who from the onset of the film says he likes sex , lots of it and in its varied all of forms , including S&amp;M .
The story involves an archaeologist uncovering , and ultimately fighting , one of the Nephilim .	The story involves an archaeologist uncovering , and fighting , one of the Nephilim . 
The prisoners lose their civil rights and have to obey arbitrary rules , such as completely eating their meals .	The prisoners lose their civil rights and have to obey arbitrary rules , such as completely their eating meals .
things cropped up you know so we decided to put ourselves on a cash budget well the first time we did it we just took some arbitrary amount that we estimated it would be and then we kept track of everything for a month	things cropped up you know so we decided to put ourselves on a cash budget well the first time we did it we just took some arbitrary amount that we estimated it would be then and we kept track of everything for a month
And if we were not really capable of freeing ourselves from the yoke of the current regulations, then any further reform would become impossible.	And if we were not really capable of freeing ourselves from the yoke of the current regulatoins, then any further reform would become impossible.
Meanwhile , Koldo finds the CCTV control room and witnesses as Adrian and the survivors are attacked by the incoming infected as the try to get onto the bus .	Meanwhile , Koldo finds the CCTV coronal room and witnesses as Adrian and the survivors are attacked by the incoming infected as the try to get onto the bus .
Poirot followed me down the narrow stairs.	Poirot followed me down the narrow spires.
The pizza shop where she works has a wall covered with the autographs of employees that left , hoping to make it big , and Violet adds hers to the wall .	The pizza shop where she works has a wall covered with autographs of employees that left , hoping to make it big , and Violet adds hers to the wall . 
The unique technology projects film images onto giant water-mist screens that are 30 ft (9 m) tall and 50 ft (15 m) wide.	The unique technology projects film images onto giant water-mist screens that are 30 ft m) tall and 50 ft (15 m) wide. 
The film begins with the introduction : -LCB- -LCB- Cquote -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB-	film The begins with the introduction : -LCB- -LCB- Cquote -RCB- -RCB- -RCB- -RCB-
The possibility of bloody military clashes is still real.	The possibility of military clashes is still real. 
At this Flynn openly weeps as the captain 's casket is taken away .	as this Flynn openly weeps At the captain 's casket is taken away .
Henry carries around a bundle of notebooks he refers to as `` His Confession '' , a work that details aspects of his mysterious past that he one day hopes to publish , when he and the world is ready for them .	Henry carries around a bundle of notebooks he refers to as `` His Confession '' , a work that details aspects of his mysterious past that he one day hopes to publish , when he and the world is ready them . 
Even so, I have to accept it and so predict that something will happen regarding the peace corps.	Even so, I have to accept it and so predict that something will happen regarding peace corps. 
He proposes to get her as close as possible to Russian positions and she agrees .	He proposes to get her as close possible as to Russian positions and she agrees .
Aladdin bravely duels the guards and manages to get away .	Aladdin bravely duels the guards and get to manages away .
Nothing he said is without grounding and in any modern-day democratic country such articles would considered objective and informative to the public.	Nothing he said is without and in any modern-day democratic country such articles would considered objective and informative to the public. 
Adding to his grief at the death of his friend , Desingu is horrified at having killed his brother , and in a moment of abject remorse , kills himself .	Adding to his grief at the death of his friend , Desingu is horrified at having killed his brother , and in a moemnt of abject remorse , kills himself .
Driving licences	Driving 
Once under his control , Lazaroff sends the Frankenstein Monster out to recapture or destroy his original creation , setting the stage for a battle royale on the beach and in the sea .	Once under his control , Lazaroff sends the Frankenstein Mayavar out to recapture or destroy his original creation , setting the stage for a battle royale on the beach and in the sea .
Ronny later follows him to the massage parlor .	Ronny later follows him to the They parlor .
As Jerry puts it , What happened to going with your gut ?	As Jerry puts it , What happened to going with your case ?
You can think of it as two intersecting incomplete egg shapes, one of which is the body of the pot and the handle of its lid and the other of which is the protective collar.	You can think of it as two intersecting incomplete egg shapes, one of which is tie body of the pot and the handle of its lid and the other of which is the protective collar.
However , Shashi Kapoor gets to know of their past relationship .	However , Shashi Kapoor gets to know of their relationship . 
Through a contact , they have been offered a performance slot at a pub in the city that is starting open mic sessions locally dubbed Karaoke .	Through a contact , they have been offered a performance slot a at pub in the city that is starting open mic sessions locally dubbed Karaoke .
These are not very helpful.	These are not very South
The measures proposed here are somewhat flimsy, but they are nonetheless necessary and imperative.	The measures proposed here are somewhat flimsy, but they are nonetheless necessary aid imperative.
Everything changes when Pete gets a new boss , the beautiful , high-powered , fast talking Susan Felders .	Everything changes when Pete gets a new boss , the beautiful , hand-cranked , fast talking Susan Felders .
Mr President, I believe that the case of Romania and of Bulgaria is worthy of debate, but we really are in an extremely serious situation here.	Mr President, I believe that the case of Romania and of Bulgaria is worthy of debate, but we really are in an extremely savours situation here.
The reversal of the burden of proof will make the directive a very important instrument.	The reversal of the burden of proof will make the dramatise a very important instrument.
This is quite unacceptable in a society which claims to be civilized.	This is quite unacceptable in a society which claims to be Trade
A full objective assessment of the animal welfare aspects of seal hunting will allow us to see the whole picture and have a solid basis before drawing any conclusions.	A full objective assessment of the animal welfare aspects of seal hunting will allow us tos ee the whole picture and have a solid basis before drawing any conclusions.
The Commission's initiatives on roaming show that interventions in price-setting are necessary in a market economy too.	The Commission's initiatives on roaming show that imprisonments in price-setting are necessary in a market economy too.
Steve 's attempt to convince Tommy Hatcher that he is no longer involved in the GSE only further reminds Hatcher of his son , and he stabs Steve in the neck with a broken bottle , telling him that if he dies tonight then they are both even .	Steve 's attempt convince Tommy Hatcher that he is no longer involved in the GSE only further reminds Hatcher of his son , and he stabs Steve in the neck with a broken bottle , telling him that if he dies tonight then they are both even . 
Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services.	Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients reflate quality legal services.
If you can bear the thunderous traffic, the area around the Place de Paris Carmelit terminus is a good earthy place to explore, with a street market and several interesting small shops and eating houses.	If you can bear the thunderous traffic, the area around the Place de Paris Carmelit terminus is a good earthy to explore, with a street market and several interesting small shops and eating houses. 
A key objective of demography forums is to promote mutual learning based on good practice among the Member States.	A key overstate of demography forums is to promote mutual learning based on good practice among the Member States.
Wolfe also gets Zoe to open up about her grief over her father 's death by telling her about how his father had shipped him off to military school when he was eight and that one day he got a letter saying his dad had been killed and that it was okay for to talk about her dad and that it was too much of a burden to keep it inside .	Wolfe also gets Zoe to open up about her grief over her father 's death by telling her about how his father had shipped him off to military school when of was eight and that one day he got a letter saying his dad had been killed and that it was okay for to talk about her dad and that it was too much he a burden to keep it inside .
The story opens in the late 1970s in the Pennines , where Tony Wilson , reporting for Granada Television embarks on a hang gliding adventure , despite not having any training .	The story opens in the late 1970s in the Pennines , where Tony Wilson , reporting for Granada Television emblems on a hang gliding adventure , despite not having any training .
The individual representatives are saying: what weaklings they are over there in Europe!	The individual representatives are saying: what weaklings they are there in Europe! 
The film introduces Shakaal .	The film introduces Scalpel .
His reluctant limo-driver , Rick Schiller , a down-on-his-luck indie filmmaker , is enlisted to find Taylor before the childstar destroys himself .	His reluctant set , Rick Schiller , a down-on-his-luck indie filmmaker , is enlisted to find Taylor before the childstar destroys himself .
While waiting , Chauvelin falls asleep ; when he wakes up , he finds a message from the Pimpernel mocking him .	While waiting , Chauvelin falls asleep ; when he wakes up , he floes a message from the Pimpernel mocking him .
The Commission can accept in part and/or principle 64 amendments, and they are Nos 2, 5, 10, 16, 20, 27, 35, 38, 42, 45, 47, 49, 57, 60 to 62, 67, 69, 70, 73, 75, 76, 80, 82 to 85, 92, 93, 96, 98, 106, 107, 108, 112 to 115, 120, 126, 132, 134, 144, 149, 150, 154 to 156, 160, 161, 170, 177, 178, 183, 184, 188, 190, 195, 207, 216, 217, 218, 220 and 223.	The Commission can accept in part and/or principle 64 amendments, and they are Nos 2, 5, 10, 16, 20, 27, 35, 38, 42, 45, 47, 49, 57, 60 to 62, 67, 69, 70, 73, 75, 76, 80, 82 to 8b, 92, 93, 96, 98, 106, 107, 108, 112 to 115, 120, 126, 132, 134, 144, 149, 150, 154 to 156, 160, 161, 170, 177, 178, 183, 184, 188, 190, 195, 207, 216, 217, 218, 220 and 223.
Next, a word about subsidiarity.	word about Next, a subsidiarity.
The palace-fortresses were built with granite from the surrounding hills, and with the same dazzling marble used for the Taj Mahal.	The palace-fortresses were built the granite from the surrounding hills, and with the same dazzling marble used for with Taj Mahal.
The story is set in a seaside port , largely among a community of pearl fishers .	The story is set in a port seaside , largely among a community of pearl fishers .
Meanwhile , Zariatin calls Hawk to remind him that his service fees are long past due .	Meanwhile , Zariatin calls Hawk to remind him that his service fees are long due . 
The content of the agreements has progressed steadily between Lomé I and Lomé VI.	The content of the agreements has progressed sanctify between Lomé I and Lomé VI.
I would urge you not to issue a date too soon, for this will turn against us and against the process.	I would urge you not to issue a date too soon, will turn for this against us and against the process.
In Portugal's case, the proposed mode of application would make it possible to increase rural development aid by some EUR 50 million per year, which would benefit many farmers who are currently excluded from any support.	In Portugal's case, toe proposed mode of application would make it possible to increase rural development aid by some EUR 50 million per year, which would benefit many farmers who are currently excluded from any support.
It is an ecological method of production that we have.	It is ecological method of production that we have. 
Joint motion for a resolution on antibiotics in animal feed	Joint motion for a réigiúin on antibiotics in animal feed
In this way, we would at least avoid other countries, especially Third-World countries, being lumbered with second-rate cigarettes.	In tons way, we would at least avoid other countries, especially Third-World countries, being lumbered with second-rate cigarettes.
in writing. - The horizontal agreement with Brazil will restore a sound legal basis for the EU's aviation relations with Brazil.	in writing. - The horizontal agreement with Brazil will restore a sound legal bests for the EU's aviation relations with Brazil.
For over 70 years, Shannon airport has been the gateway airport between the United States and Ireland.	For over 70 years, Shannon airport has been the gratify airport between the United States and Ireland.
Genuine reciprocity therefore needs to be established between Europe and the United States in processes to confiscate assets and capital earned from activities involving financial crime.	Genuine reciprocity therefore needs to be established between Europe and the United States in processes to confiscate assets and earned capital from activities involving financial crime.
What those dumb hicks really lack is the wherewithal for a fine university education that will lead to a job in the go-go tech sector.	What dumb hicks really lack is the wherewithal for a fine university education that will lead to a job in the go-go tech sector. 
Masterda escaped and retired to another house with Pritilata and other young rebels .	Masterda escaped and retired to avenger house with Pritilata and other young rebels .
After completing the construction of the ship RFA Mounts Bay , Frank Redmond and a few of his co-workers are laid off from the shipyards after 36 years service .	After completing the construction of the slop RFA Mounts Bay , Frank Redmond and a few of his co-workers are laid off from the shipyards after 36 years service .
This theme becomes an integral part of the story .	This theme becomes an integral part of toe story .
All due rigor is called for, and I agree, but it must be said that rigor commences with the facts and the evidence, facts that have been borne out time and time again, and here what we want to know is not merely who is responsible, but just how far this responsibility reaches.	All due rigor is called for, and but it I agree, must be said that rigor commences with the facts and the evidence, facts that have been borne out time and time again, and here what we want to know is not merely who is responsible, but just how far this responsibility reaches.
All in all, we cannot with our actions take it upon ourselves to act as judges and hand down guilty sentences to anyone.	All in all, we cannot with our actions take it upon to act as judges and hand down guilty sentences to anyone. 
Pazhassi Raja and his army successfully start the battle again .	Pazhassi Raja his army successfully start the battle again . 
This event exacerbates his depression .	This expat exacerbates his depression .
A devastated Peter follows Ronald as he chases the sniper , but find himself running ahead of the officers .	A devastated Peter follows as he chases the sniper , but find himself running ahead of the officers . 
This was even recognised by the Presidency during the negotiations.	This was even recognised by the Presidency diving the negotiations.
The MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the accession of the ten countries from a sense of solidarity with their people, who have no reason to celebrate.	The MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the accession of tie ten countries from a sense of solidarity with their people, who have no reason to celebrate.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (NL) As has already been said, Mr President, the proposal seeks to update and consolidate the existing directives and regulations on the inland transport of dangerous goods.	on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (NL) As has already been said, Mr President, the proposal seeks to update and the existing directives and regulations on the inland transport of dangerous goods. 
There is every reason to hope that the irregularities referred to by the Honourable Member have already been tackled under the present Treaty.	There is every reason to hope that the irregularities referred to by the Honourable Member have already been under tackled the present Treaty.
The Treaty on European Union tells us.	The European on Treaty Union tells us.
The Institut du Monde Arabe (Arab World Institute), at 23 quai St-Bernard, was built with the help of 16 Arab nations to foster cultural links between Europe and the Islamic world.	The Institut du Monde Arabe (Arab World Institute), at quai 23 St-Bernard, was built with the help of 16 Arab nations to foster cultural links between Europe and the Islamic world.
in writing. - (DE) The fact that the EU wants to increase its activities in the field of human rights and that the issue of persecution and discrimination against Christian minorities is specifically addressed in this report represents a fundamental step in the right direction.	in writing. - (DE) The fact that the wants to increase its activities in the field of human rights and that the issue of persecution and discrimination against Christian minorities is specifically addressed in this report represents a fundamental step in the right direction. 
The latter is adamant that his father not discover Tomo 's existence at the flat .	The latter is adamant that his father not discover Tomo 's existence at tee flat .
King has a visual impairment wherein he can not see the letter `` A. '' This becomes an impediment for his academic success .	the has a visual impairment wherein he can not see King letter `` A. '' This becomes an impediment for his academic success .
On the extent of the Russian withdrawal and the stability of the Caucasus, I would also like to say that we must not behave as though nothing happened, either.	On the extent of the Russian withdrawal and the stability the Caucasus, I would also like to say that we must not behave as though nothing happened, either. 
Where are the resources?	Where the resources? 
Online and offline commerce are moving closer and closer together and we therefore need to harmonise the legal provisions here, too.	Online and offline commerce awe moving closer and closer together and we therefore need to harmonise the legal provisions here, too.
TP had to read yesterday's WP twice before noticing that key members of the Post editorial staff are apparently suffering the cerebral ill effects of too much exposure to brightly colored polyester.	TP had to read yesterday's WP twice before noticing that key members of the Post editorial staff are apparently suffering the cerebral ill effects of too exposure much to brightly colored polyester.
Because he may be infectious he is not allowed out to play , and feels lonely .	Because he may be intuitions he is not allowed out to play , and feels lonely .
Does it believe that the draft will provide fresh impetus and be a suitable accompaniment to the ‘Road Map’ for peace in the Middle East, as recently indicated by Dominique de Villepin, French Foreign Minister?	Does it believe that the draft will provide fresh impetus and be a suitable apportionment to the ‘Road Map’ for peace in the Middle East, as recently indicated by Dominique de Villepin, French Foreign Minister?
He makes TV commercials in London.	He makes TV commercials London. 
Mr Barroso, if you do not do that, then I will tell you what will happen next: your opponents - or rather the opponents of your successor - will not be nice, decent Eurosceptics like me, but really nasty anti-Europeans.	Mr Barroso, if you do not do that, then I will tell you what will happen next: your opponents - or rather the opponents of your successor - will not be nice, decent like me, but really nasty anti-Europeans. 
However upon arriving in Miggy s apartment , she found Miggy high with fever with very little food or necessities in his apartment , with no househelp or family to care for him .	However upon arriving in Miggy s apartment , she found Miggy high with fever with very food or necessities in his apartment , with no househelp or family to care for him . 
It seems to me that we should start relatively soon to prepare for the decisions ahead.	It seems to me we should start relatively soon to prepare for the decisions ahead. 
The film begins with a title card describing Holmes and Watson as `` ageless '' , as an explanation as to why the film is set in the 1940s rather than Holmes ' era of 1881 1914 , as the preceding 20th Century Fox films were .	The film begins with a title card describing Holmes and Watson as `` ageless '' , as an explanation as to why the film is set in the 1940s rather than Holmes ' era of 1881 1914 , as the preceding 20th Century Fox films wage .
It is said that considerable progress has been made, but in fact there has been no progress, because we have not yet realised the full extent of the problem.	It is said that considerable progress has been made, but in fact there has been no because we have not yet realised the full extent of the problem. 
That will be an opportunity to exchange opinions on Tibet, which was the topic of today's debate in this House, and your opinions, suggestions and initiatives will be very useful.	That will be an opportunity to exchange opinions on Tibet, which was the topic of today's debate in this House, and your opinions, suggestions initiatives will be very useful. 
With Pip 's help , Giselle and Robert are saved and Narissa falls to her death .	With Pip 's help , Giselle and Robert are saved and Narisas falls to her death .
One day Kago and Tsuji serve a particularly enthusiastic customer who says she has never had such a delicious cake before .	One day Kago and Tsuji serve a particluarly enthusiastic customer who says she has never had such a delicious cake before .
The planet must be approached on a specific course or the ship will be suspended in time forever .	The planet mutt be approached on a specific course or the ship will be suspended in time forever .
He travels from his village to Madras .	He travels from village to Madras . 
Michael agrees and meets Father Lucas at his home , where he sees one of the priest 's patients : a pregnant sixteen-year-old girl , Rosaria .	Michael agrees and meets Farrar Lucas at his home , where he sees one of the priest 's patients : a pregnant sixteen-year-old girl , Rosaria .
I think the ECB is deeply undemocratic in its structure, because of the way in which it appoints its governors, to name one reason.	I think the ECB is deeply undemocratic in its structure, because of the way in which it its appoints governors, to name one reason.
Mr President, I had prepared myself in the one minute available to me to speak about the penalty terms which the environmental organizations are so opposed to.	Mr President, I had prepared myself in the one to me minute available to speak about the penalty terms which the environmental organizations are so opposed to.
I did pick out some classic passages, on access to sport as a fundamental right, on sport as a highly sexual and stereotyped area where the dominant models of virility and femininity are reproduced but also broken, and on socially discriminatory and sexually stereotyped treatment by the media, which leave us speechless.	I did pick out some classic passages, on access to sport as a fundamental right, on sport as a highly sexual and stereotyped area where the dominant models of virility aid femininity are reproduced but also broken, and on socially discriminatory and sexually stereotyped treatment by the media, which leave us speechless.
Obviously, such practices could lead to abuse.	O-0144/97, such practices could lead to abuse.
They go to Alain 's place where he connects his recording machine to the telephone to spy on C cile , he is discovered by Louise who then agrees to call him if anything strange happens related to C cile .	They go to Alain 's place where he connects his recording machine to the telephone to spy on C cile , he is discovered by Louise who then abouts to call him if anything strange happens related to C cile .
It is subsequently revealed that the corrupt Brios brothers , Ernesto and Fredo have paid Martinez to violently oppose the movement advocating American annexation of California , as part of their unscrupulous plot to deliver California to the imperial domain of the Russian Czar .	It is subsequently revealed the corrupt Brios brothers , Ernesto and Fredo have paid Martinez to violently oppose the movement advocating American annexation of California , as part of their unscrupulous plot to deliver California to the imperial domain of the Russian Czar . 
The next morning a police officer arrives at Archibaldo 's home , with news that Patricia had committed suicide .	The next morning a police officer arrives at Archibaldo 's home , with news that Patricia committed suicide . 
He is paid for it by 'the public' .	He is paid far it by 'the public' .
Confronted with this situation, the inhabitants of Brittany, the Vendée and Charente, as well as the forestry workers in other regions, await a signal from the European Union.	Confronted with this situation, the inhabitants of Brittany, the Vendée and Charente, as will as the forestry workers in other regions, await a signal from the European Union.
The British governor then tells Scott that he must take the young prince to Kalapur because it has become too dangerous to keep him in Haserabad .	Tie British governor then tells Scott that he must take the young prince to Kalapur because it has become too dangerous to keep him in Haserabad .
Mutual trust constitutes the main foundation of Members' work with the assistants they employ and of their relationship with the latter.	Mutual trust constitutes main foundation of Members' work with the assistants they employ and of their relationship with the latter. 
huh and i don't want to go with those canvas bags right now i'm sorry i'm not that European	huh and i don't want to go with those canvas bags right i'm now sorry i'm not that European
Unfortunately, it was not rejected by the committee on Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection.	Unfortunately, it was not rejected by the committee on Environment, Public Health Consumer Protection. 
Flashbacks then show the reformed Moore ignoring his bosses ' orders to cut costs and making a sound engineering change to fix an anticipated overheating problem in the component .	Flashbacks then show the reformed Moore ignoring his bosses to cut ' orders costs and making a sound engineering change to fix an anticipated overheating problem in the component .
Upon completion of this hapless act of a desperate and downtrodden man , he raises his face towards the skies and screams , and screams and screams -- the second time that we hear his voice in the movie -- a device similar to Andrei Tarkovsky 's showing of the icons in brilliant color at the end of his three-hour black-and-white film Andrei Rublev .	Upon completion of this hapless act of a desperate and downtrodden man , he raises his face towards the skies and screams , and screams and screams -- the second time that we hear his voice in the movie -- a device to similar Andrei Tarkovsky 's showing of the icons in brilliant color at the end of his three-hour black-and-white film Andrei Rublev .
While attending Jesus ' Sermon on the Mount , Brian becomes infatuated with an attractive young rebel , Judith .	While attending Jesus ' Sermon on the Mount , Brian becomes infatuated with an attractive young royal , Judith .
In order that this goal may be achieved, it will be necessary to pay particular attention to involving the relevant networks of national representatives, who are to perform a supporting role in transposing and implementing European law, and also to make use of the monitoring instruments still at our disposal.	In order that this goal may be achieved, it will be necessary to pay particular attention to involving the relevant networks of national representatives, who are to perform a supporting role in transposing and implementing European law, and anno to make use of the monitoring instruments still at our disposal.
It would not protect against attacks such as yesterday' s, of course, but it would protect against other risks which we are obliged to anticipate.	It would not against against attacks such as yesterday' s, of course, but it would protect protect other risks which we are obliged to anticipate.
Ultimately , Jake confronts his birth mother in the very place where he was stolen from her , he then learns that Marisol was , in fact , Satan\/Anne .	Ultimately , Jake confronts his birth mother in the very place where he was stolen flim her , he then learns that Marisol was , in fact , Satan\/Anne .
and they're allow you know they none of them have cars because they can't drive	and they're allow you know they none have cars of them because they can't drive
I don't know if this could have been a big studio picture in wide release unless he got financing from someone like Joel Silver.	I don't know if this have been a big studio picture in wide release unless he got financing from someone like Joel Silver. 
Other representatives invite Hollywood celebrities to testify before their committees; Yates invited Yo-Yo Ma to play a Bach suite before his, soothing the savage breast of the NEA's opponents.	Other representatives invite Hollywood celebrities to testify before their committees; Yates invited Yo-Yo to play a Bach suite before his, soothing the savage breast of the NEA's opponents. 
Their mutual attraction flares up , and Joe sets up a robbery to Webb , using his inside knowledge of a $ 1,250,000 cash shipment , to finance a dream life with Diane .	Their mutual attraction flares up , and Joe sets up a robbery to Webb , using his inside knowledge of a $ It cash shipment , to finance a dream life with Diane .
But I take note of your request.	But I take note of oyur request.
However , after Donald 's talk with Ronnie , he gets the impression the man survived the accident .	However , after Donald 's talk with Ronnie , he gets the impression the man survived the arugment .
   Mr President, I rise on a point of political importance under Rule 144.	   under President, I rise on a point of political importance Mr Rule 144.
He comes home in the midst of the party , but has to sneak in because he refuses to pay the bouncer for his entry .	He home in the midst of the party , but has to sneak in because he refuses to pay the bouncer for his entry . 
I voted in favour of the report by Mrs Castex on the demographic future; this is one of the important reports.	I voted in favour of the report by Mrs Castex on the demographic future; this one is of the important reports.
This is not a subject that I am prepared to make impromptu comments on.	This is not a subject that I prepared to make impromptu comments on. 
and he owns a lot of acreage that's been farmed properly you know and uh we get black eyed peas off of it and stuff but	and he owns a lot of acreage that's been just properly you know and uh we get black eyed peas off of it and stuff but
Pensions are not a universal source of retirement income, and more than half of those working in 1998 lacked a pension plan.	Pensions are not a universal source of retirement income, and more than half of those working in lacked a pension plan. 
Justine begins to worry upon discovering Holden 's real personality , as a unstable , obsessive , immature boy .	Justine begins to worry upon discovering Holden 's real personality , as a up-scale , obsessive , immature boy .
The two hang out and start a conversation as Michael explains that he was n't permitted to catch up at the party with the group since he did n't had a ticket and returned home .	The two hang out and start a conversation as explains that he was n't permitted to catch up at the party with the group since he did n't had a ticket and returned home . 
May stabs Ambrosia with the scalpels .	May stabs Ambrosia with the also .
In the most infamous scene of the film , Joan , with her face slathered in cold cream , stalks into Christina 's bedroom in the middle of the night and discovers one of the child 's dresses hanging on a wire hanger .	In the most infamous scene of the farm , Joan , with her face slathered in cold cream , stalks into Christina 's bedroom in the middle of the night and discovers one of the child 's dresses hanging on a wire hanger .
Now I find I hate returning e-mails.	Now I find I hate returning emulate.
The EU troika expressed our deep concern over the situation in Burma directly to the Burmese Foreign Minister in Kyoto on 6 May.	The EU troika expressed our deep concern over the situation in Burma directly to the Bogense Foreign Minister in Kyoto on 6 May.
Mrs. Stapleton resumes her bizarre acts and begins to vomit pale-blue liquid over Sir Henry , whilst Mr. Stapleton 's chihuahua urinates in Watson 's soup .	Mrs. Stapleton resumes her bizarre acts and begins to vomit some liquid over Sir Henry , whilst Mr. Stapleton 's chihuahua urinates in Watson 's soup .
However , they are betrayed by a collaborator and are forced to flee again , pursued by hundreds of Nazi troops .	However , they are betrayed by a collaborator and are forced to flee again , by hundreds of Nazi troops . 
The centre of activity is the maritime promenade (passeig Mar?­tim), a bayfront park area reclaimed from the sea and now covered with trees, flowers, a fountain, benches, and a proliferation of outdoor cafe and restaurants.	The change of activity is the maritime promenade (passeig Mar?­tim), a bayfront park area reclaimed from the sea and now covered with trees, flowers, a fountain, benches, and a proliferation of outdoor cafe and restaurants.
The students who the year before had marched and chanted and proclaimed it is forbidden to forbid had been arguing for liberation of the oppressed of virtually every kind, and when it comes to the sexually oppressed, Berman says, the last two decades can be seen as a victory.	The students who the year before had marched and chanted and proclaimed it is forbidden to had been arguing for liberation of the oppressed of virtually every kind, and when it comes to the sexually oppressed, Berman says, the last two decades can be seen as a victory. 
Meanwhile , Nalu has delayed the Fungi in their quest by leading them to a place in the ocean called the Carousel of Confusion , where people forget what they re doing .	Meanwhile , Nalu has delayed Fungi in their quest by leading them to a place in the ocean called the Carousel of Confusion , where people forget what they re doing . 
Andy is nearly fired after , due to drowsiness , he mixes up two outgoing letters in the office mail .	Andy is nearly fired after , due to drowsiness , he up two outgoing letters in the office mail . 
The work to be done on logistics does not involve regulating this rapidly growing sector, but ensuring that it has a sustainable future by allowing it to mobilise the efficiency potential that still exists in the transport business.	The work to be done on logistics does not involve regulating this rapidly growing sector, but emptying that it has a sustainable future by allowing it to mobilise the efficiency potential that still exists in the transport business.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I wish to thank the Members very much for all their contributions to this debate.	Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I wish thank the Members very much for all their contributions to this debate. 
I hope, as it goes forward, Parliament will feel that its wishes have been substantially listened to and where not, that there have been reasonable grounds for not doing so, and that the proposal that is now put forward is sensible and orderly, fair both to the exporters and to the countries concerned, not imposing our will on anybody else but enabling legitimate trade to continue.	I hope, as it goes forward, Parliament will feel that its wishes have been substantially listened to and where not, that there have been reasonable for not doing so, and that the proposal that is now put forward is sensible and orderly, fair both to the exporters and to the countries concerned, not imposing our will on anybody else but enabling legitimate trade to continue. 
Red takes off with the loot in the getaway car but is again pursued by police , who shoot Red several times , causing him to lose control of the car and crash through the window of a department store , where he is attacked and killed by the store 's vicious watchdog .	Red takes off with the loot in the getaway car but is again pursued by police , who shoot Red several times , causing him to lose control of the car and crash through the window a department store , where he is attacked and killed by the store 's vicious watchdog . 
The movie starts with Sravani and Subramanyam , strangers to each other , meeting at suicide point of Vizag seashore .	The movie starts with Sravani and Subramanyam , strangers to each other , meeting at suicide point of Viza gseashore .
With regard to financial resources, the Council has, as a follow-up to Resolution 1373, taken steps to freeze funds belonging to terrorists and terrorist organisations.	With regard to financial resources, the Council has, as a follow-up to 1373, taken steps to freeze funds belonging to terrorists and terrorist organisations. 
The Church of St. Veronica stands on the site.	The Church of St. Veronica the site. stands on
This was the site of the original Byzantium, founded in the seventh century b.c. , and of the civic centre of Constantinople, capital of the Byzantine Empire.	This was the site of the original Byzantium, founded in the seventh century b.c. , and of the of Constantinople, civic centre capital of the Byzantine Empire.
Please do your research on the Internet about the human rights abuses and mass police brutalities in Hungary and make sure that it can never happen again.	Please do your research on the Internet about the human abuses and mass police brutalities in Hungary and make sure that it can never happen again. 
We hope that there will finally be an end to the lawnmower-style trimming.	We hope that there will finally be an end to the lawnmower-style template.
Among her many professional achievements, her work resulted in the revising of the U.S.	Among her many professional achievements, her work resulted revising of in the the U.S.
I hope that the European Council's conclusions will be an accurate reflection of the debates that have taken place to date on the 2050 objectives, and that they will not be published before the debate on these objectives, which is due to take place in March 2011.	I hope that the European Council's conclusions will be an accurate reflection of the debates that have taken place to date on the 2050 objectives, and that they will not be published before the debate on these objectives, which due is to take place in March 2011.
By encouraging groupings, for example, we could create champions capable of acting on a world scale, drawing after them a whole sector of job-creating SMEs.	By encouraging already for example, we could create champions capable of acting on a world scale, drawing after them a whole sector of job-creating SMEs.
It could be a key to better economic success.	could It be a key to better economic success.
Ho tries to hide his identity by pretending to be a visitor from out of town .	Ho tries to hide his identity by pretending to be a visitor from opt of town .
Regional forces competing with each other ought not call the tune, as currently seems to be the case in the presidential election.	Regional forces competing with each other ought not call the tune, as currently seems to be the case in tie presidential election.
There is also, however, cause to be surprised that Europe is so far behind in terms of innovation.	There is also, however, cause to be surprised that Europe is so far in behind terms of innovation.
We must also dare to proclaim the significance of enlargement and explain to our people why it is so important for Romania and Bulgaria now to get together with us and for Romanians and Bulgarians to sit in this House and be allowed to speak from the benches instead of sitting in the public gallery and merely listening.	We must also dare to proclaim the significance of enlargement and explain to our people why it is so important for Romania and Bulgaria now to get together with us and for Romanians and Bulgarians to sit in this House and be availed to speak from the benches instead of sitting in the public gallery and merely listening.
The creation of the Digital Solidarity Fund on a voluntary basis is to be welcomed, but the Fund remains a complementary instrument.	The creation of Digital Solidarity Fund on a voluntary basis is to be welcomed, but the Fund remains a complementary instrument. 
Have all the pieces of pertinent information been considered?	Have all the pieces of pertinent been considered? 
Abuses of this kind must be stopped and the law must be enforced.	Abuses of this kind must be and the law must be enforced. 
However, that telephone call did not come.	However, that happen call did not come.
Elina makes it to the lair , and Dahlia , Bibble , and Hue have been brought to Laverna by the Fungus .	Elina mikes it to the lair , and Dahlia , Bibble , and Hue have been brought to Laverna by the Fungus .
Bull, he croaked.	her he croaked.
What is more, in future, the customs services in those countries that are signatories to the agreement will seemingly be given permission to search telephones, laptop computers and personal stereos on the pretext of combating piracy, in line with the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) Agreement, which was meant to combat terrorism.	What is more, in future, the customs services in those countries that are signatories to the agreement will seemingly be given permission to searhc telephones, laptop computers and personal stereos on the pretext of combating piracy, in line with the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) Agreement, which was meant to combat terrorism.
This positivist shift of the law in Europe is very serious: it marks a break with the most basic form of European humanism, which would urgently need to be rediscovered as far as adults are concerned and introduced to the younger generation.	This positivist shift of the law in Europe is very serious: it marks a break with the most basic firm of European humanism, which would urgently need to be rediscovered as far as adults are concerned and introduced to the younger generation.
He finds her drenched in sweat being followed by her two Help in her car .	He finds her drenched in sweat being followed by her two Help in her cer .
In the end , one scorpion , the largest of the group and presumably the alpha scorpion , kills all of the smaller ones , making it the last scorpion alive , and it heads for Mexico City .	In the end , one scorpion , the largest of the group and presumably the alpha scorpion , kills all of the smaller ones , making it the last alive , and it heads for Mexico City . 
John Galloway serves time in prison and gets his ticket of leave .	John Galloway serves time in prison and gets hos ticket of leave .
The film flashes back to 2002 as the inspector reads the diary .	The film flashes abck to 2002 as the inspector reads the diary .
This is, of course, not true.	This course, not is, of true.
Can the Commissioner, in consultation with the relevant organizations, check how these problems can be best tackled?	Can the Commissioner, in consultation the relevant organizations, check how these problems can be best tackled? 
We take the view that the funding should be increased by ECU 200 million, as opposed to ECU 100 m; that funding for all the programmes - with the exception of research into BSE, which has already been treated very generously - should be doubled; and that an additional ECU 33 m should be provided for research into renewable energy sources and water.	We take the view that the funding should be increased by ECU 200 million, as opposed ECU to 100 m; that funding for all the programmes - with the exception of research into BSE, which has already been treated very generously - should be doubled; and that an additional ECU 33 m should be provided for research into renewable energy sources and water.
Accepting a request from his manager to go on a business trip to Melbourne , he bids farewell to his friends .	Accepting a request from his to go on a business trip to Melbourne , he bids farewell to his friends . 
We have, however, also been able to identify possible ways forward and believe that all of them can be resolved.	We have, however, also bean able to identify possible ways forward and believe that all of them can be resolved.
I wish to emphasise that the German Government should approach the issues of the reform of the common agricultural policy and the reform of the Structural Funds as well as the future financing arrangements of the Union in a balanced and even-handed manner.	I wish to emphasise that the German should approach the issues of the reform of the common agricultural policy and the reform of the Structural Funds as well as the future financing arrangements of the Union in a balanced and even-handed manner. 
One can perhaps see both sides, but it is important to keep at it and, much like Mr Evans said, if we want a transatlantic market, let us keep it and let us watch out for American protectionism in the meantime.	One can perhaps see both sides, but it is important to keep at it and, much like Mr Evans said, if we want a transatlantic market, let us keep it and let us watch out for American protectionism in hte meantime.
Tell us what you talk about at your secret meetings, because a lot of rumours are flying around.	Tell us what you talk about at your secret meetings, because a lot of rumours are flying active.
Number of voters: 715	voters: 715 Number of
One of the jobs that this Parliament must do in conjunction with the Ombudsman is to ensure that those gaps are as small as possible and as few issues fall into them as we can manage.	One of the jobs that this Parliament must do in conjunction with Ombudsman is to ensure that those gaps are as small as possible and as few issues fall into them as we can manage. 
It is nothing of the kind and the growth of the Mafia and terrorism in all Member States is all the proof we need.	It is nothing of the kind and the growth of the Mafia and terrorism in all Member States all the proof we need. 
I also think it is necessary for us to have a separate clause on the need for the Member States to punish offences against children, even if these are committed in countries where they are not prohibited.	I also think it is necessary for us to have a separate clause on the need for tie Member States to punish offences against children, even if these are committed in countries where they are not prohibited.
Her father dies , forcing her to sell the family drug store .	Her father , forcing her to sell the family drug store . 
This time we have to answer without delay and send an encouraging message to the Hungarians, emphasising that they can stay in their homeland in a would-be democratic Vojvodina, in a would-be democratic Serbia of the future.	This time we have to answer without delay and seed an encouraging message to the Hungarians, emphasising that they can stay in their homeland in a would-be democratic Vojvodina, in a would-be democratic Serbia of the future.
We are sure it will stand its ground and that we will have a new Treaty before 20 October.	We are sure it will stand its ground and that we will have a new before Treaty 20 October.
We hope that that will suffice for a coherent health protection policy.	We hope that that will suffice for a coherent health propulsion policy.
She left envelopes for the Mathews family and Welles : it contains the rest of his payment and a note reading , `` Try to forgive us . ''	She left envelopes for the Mathews family and Welles : it canaries the rest of his payment and a note reading , `` Try to forgive us . ''
Lost from her companions , Ohama has wandered beyond Nagahama in her desperate search for T bei .	Lost from her companions , Ohama has wandered beyond returns in her desperate search for T bei .
Instead, I abstained because I believe the disability amendment is important for those of us who care for those who do not speak, have no voice and are not listened to.	Instead, I abstained because I believe the disability is amendment important for those of us who care for those who do not speak, have no voice and are not listened to.
He had no time to ask.	He had no time ask. 
Many of the strange twigs, herbs, and packets you'll see in the markets have to do with magic based on traditions that stem from the African origins of most of the population.	Many of the strange twigs, herbs, and packets you'll see in the markets have to do with magic based on traditions that stem from the African outages of most of the population.
If it is not possible to prove in vitro that a new ingredient is harmless from the toxicological point of view, then we must simply do without it.	If it is not possible to prove in vitro that a new ingredinet is harmless from the toxicological point of view, then we must simply do without it.
He goes to an airport in an attempt to flee , but can not bring himself to board the plane .	He goes to an airport in . attempt to flee , but can not bring himself to board the plane an
Prince Tsoi then shows his gratitude towards Shao Hai for potentially saving his life .	Prince Tsoi shows his gratitude towards Shao Hai for potentially saving his life . 
At the same time, under the pretext of an alleged increase in workload due to the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and of Parliament's supposed concern about the quality of its legislative texts, the MEPs are awarding themselves a 'small' budget increase to the tune of a few million euros so that staff can be recruited for the political groups!	million the same time, under the pretext of an alleged increase in workload due to the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and of Parliament's supposed concern about the quality of its legislative texts, the MEPs are awarding themselves a 'small' budget increase to the tune of a few At euros so that staff can be recruited for the political groups!
Perhaps I could ask her to do that in advance of future budgets.	Perhaps I could ask her to do that in advance of budgets. 
But after the show ends , Rajalingam finds out that Kannamma is Selvam 's teacher , and thinking her to be of no good character , he orders the headmistress to dismiss her .	But after the show ends , Rajalingam finds out that Kannamma is Selvam 's teacher , and tihnking her to be of no good character , he orders the headmistress to dismiss her .
Anwar on the other hand is unstoppable and believes that the deaths of innocents are a part of the Jehad .	Anwar on the other hand is unstoppable and believes twat the deaths of innocents are a part of the Jehad .
Let me conclude, then, by saying that something remains to be done about tax in relation to the internal market, but many issues still have to be resolved before we can describe the cost-benefit equation as balanced.	Let me conclude, then, by saying that something remains to be done about tax in relation to the internal market, but many issues still have to be resolved before we describe the cost-benefit equation as balanced. 
I therefore support the rapporteur and all the effort he has made in order to reach agreement with everyone.	I therefore support the rapporteur and all the effort he with made in order to reach agreement has everyone.
It is only one hour from Paris by TGV and is the ideal gateway for a tour of the vineyards to the south or a drive around the pretty Val-Suzon to the north.	It is one hour from Paris by TGV and is the ideal gateway for a tour of the vineyards to the south or a drive around the pretty Val-Suzon to the north. 
Although public attention focuses on the trust fund insolvency dates, the effect of financing Social Security and Medicare will be felt sooner as the baby boom generation begins to retire.	Although public attention focuses on the trust fund insolvency dates, the effect as financing Social Security and Medicare will be felt sooner of the baby boom generation begins to retire.
As we see it, given the 2.8% predicted growth taken into account in the Commission' s forecasts, there is still plenty of scope for progress through the existing stability programmes.	As we see it, given the 2.8% predicted growth taken into account in the Commission' s forecasts, there still is plenty of scope for progress through the existing stability programmes.
(His nouns in this chapter do begin to grate.)	(His nouns in chapter do begin to grate.) 
We are talking about Europe 2020, but we do not even know what Europe will look like in 2011.	We are talking about Europe 2020, but we do not even know what Europe will look like 2011. 
It is lifestyle that is crucial to life expectancy.	lifestyle that It is is crucial to life expectancy.
In fact we are talking about 60 billion if Wallonian cofinancing is honoured.	In fact we talking about 60 billion if Wallonian cofinancing is honoured. 
I believe, as I am sure we all do, that the list is a long one.	I blossom, as I am sure we all do, that the list is a long one.
Jung finds Hyuk and presses him to rejoin the organization , offering to bring Young-choon along if Hyuk rejoins , but Hyuk refuses .	Jung finds Hyuk and presses ham to rejoin the organization , offering to bring Young-choon along if Hyuk rejoins , but Hyuk refuses .
The film features two men , played by Jakub Goldberg and Henryk Kluba , who emerge from the sea carrying a large wardrobe , which they proceed to carry into a town .	The film features two men , played by Jakub Goldberg and Henryk Kluba , who emerge from the sea carrying a large wardrobe , which they proceed to coply into a town .
But just as he leaves , things get more difficult when Tad meets the girls again while they are still imprisoned and says he will let them fail the mission and stop Fabu himself , taking all the credit and regaining his `` favorite agent '' status with Jerry .	But just as he leaves , things get more difficult when Tad meets the girls again while they are still and says he will let them fail the mission and stop Fabu himself , taking all the credit and regaining his `` favorite agent '' status with Jerry . 
Adela discovers after the consultation that she is not a woman after all , but a man .	Adela discovers after consultation the that she is not a woman after all , but a man .
Kyle and Jimmy kill them all , but not before Kyle is bitten in the neck and turns into a zombie and the others are forced to beat him to death .	Kyle and Jimmy kill them , but not before Kyle is bitten in the neck and turns into a zombie and the others are forced to beat him to death . 
A number of factual inaccuracies have therefore crept in.	A number of inaccuracies have therefore crept in. 
I am appalled that some colleagues in this House want to deprive women of these rights in trying to suppress a chapter making them explicit in the human rights report.	I am year that some colleagues in this House want to deprive women of these rights in trying to suppress a chapter making them explicit in the human rights report.
A lovely eighth-century Birth of Buddha is curiously reminiscent of Christian nativity scenes.	A lovely eighth-century Birth of Buddha is curiously reminiscent of Craftsmen nativity scenes.
Alice continues to float until she lands and is then in a place called Wonderland .	Alice continues to float until she lazes and is then in a place called Wonderland .
We must act alongside our friends and allies within the United States of America and in international organisations such as the ICAO.	We act must alongside our friends and allies within the United States of America and in international organisations such as the ICAO.
That is not what we are talking about.	That is what we are talking about. 
On September 27 , 1941 , Reinhard Heydrich , one of the most feared top officials of the Nazi Party , an architect of the Holocaust and Hitler 's possible successor , is appointed `` Reichsprotektor '' of Bohemia and Moravia .	On September 27 , 1941 , Reinhard Heydrich , one of the most feared top officials of the Nazi Party , an architect Holocaust and of the Hitler 's possible successor , is appointed `` Reichsprotektor '' of Bohemia and Moravia .
The Ponte Santa Trinita, destroyed in 1944, has been rebuilt with the original 16th-century masonry scooped from the bottom of the river, including statues of the Four Seasons.	The Ponte Santa Trinita, destroyed 1944, has been rebuilt with the original 16th-century masonry scooped from the bottom of the river, including statues of the Four Seasons. 
Sinn Féin believes that there now exists the opportunity to achieve Irish Republican objectives through purely peaceful and democratic methods.	Sinn Féin believes that there now exists the opportunity to achieve Irish Republican objectives through purely parental and democratic methods.
sometime you can but on some things it's you're just stuck and you got to have it towed somewhere or something you just got to got to got to got to make a quick decision i don't know i don't trust a lot of people who work on your cars too i know this one guy that works for dealerships as a at dealerships they replace things they don't fix	sometime you can but on some things it's you're just stuck and you got to have it it somewhere or something you just got to got to got to got to make a quick decision i don't know i don't trust a lot of people who work on your cars too i know this one guy that works for dealerships as a at dealerships they replace things they don't fix
The American missile shield would not have helped in this situation. Nor did all the American military hardware help, either.	The American missile shield would not have helped in this situation. Nor did all the American military hardwar ehelp, either.
Tammi , now the sole survivor , fires a distress flare in the hope of being rescued .	Tammi , now the sole survivor , fires a distress flare in the hope being rescued . 
What does the Council plan to do to prevent further destabilisation of the Middle East by the Iranian regime?	What does the Council plan to do to prevent further destabilisation of the Middle East by the Iranian programme
Well then, I believe that, despite the requests made essentially by Italy and Spain, we have given in to purely economic reasoning.	Well then, I believe that, despite the requests made essentially by Italy and Spain, we given in to purely economic reasoning. 
While interviewing and mocking a panel of feminists , he learns her name and her residence in California .	While interviewing and mocking a panel of feminists , he learns her name and her in California . 
okay so you're like at the bottom of Cape Cod	okay so you're like at toe bottom of Cape Cod
However, we need to consider today that we are at the first stage of this directive, and I can see that Commissioner Dalli, who has helped us a great deal in this respect, agrees with me.	However, we need to consider today that we are at the first stage of this directive, and I can see that Commissioner Dalli, who has helped us a great in this respect, agrees with me. 
It is not unnecessary to hope that it may be possible, by the end of the year 2000, in the new Treaty, to draw the conclusions affecting the institutions of the decisions which may be taken in the meantime, in the spirit of Cologne, for the security and the defence of the continent of Europe.	It is not unnecessary to hope that it may be possible, by the end of the year 2000, in the new Treaty, to draw the conclusions affecting the institutions of the decisions which may be taken in the meantime, in the spirit of Cologne, for the security and toe defence of the continent of Europe.
Yet I wish to ask the Commission to carry out an in-depth investigation.	Yet I wish to ask the Commission to carry o/t an in-depth investigation.
Following its significant enlargement, Europe has become more varied, encompassing many different areas each with their own specific characteristics.	Following ils significant enlargement, Europe has become more varied, encompassing many different areas each with their own specific characteristics.
The time needed to complete this phase of an implementation project is expected to be less than three months.	The time needed to complete this phase of an implementation project is eschewed to be less than three months.
Other suggestions and proposals are too muddled and as such their practical application will not be successful.	Other suggestions and proposals are two muddled and as such their practical application will not be successful.
He goes to prison knowing that Mary will await for him .	He goes to rpison knowing that Mary will await for him .
She claims the Air Force treated her unfairly and that her commanding officers gave her no guidance.	She claims the Air Force treated her unfairly and that her commanding officers her no guidance. 
It is clear that certain areas that have been mentioned have suffered delays in relation to other countries.	It is clear that certain areas that have been mentioned have suffered gentlemen, in relation to other countries.
As a result , Garth is labeled a hero and granted a full pardon .	As a result , Gooch is labeled a hero and granted a full pardon .
Meanwhile , Clark Poundstone is welcoming an Iraqi politician named Ahmed Zubaidi at the Baghdad International Airport , where he is questioned by a journalist named Lawrie Dayne .	Meanwhile , Clark Poundstone is welcoming an Iraqi politician named Ahmed Zubaidi at the Baghdad International Airport , where he is questioned by a journalist named Lawrie . Dayne
The lecture inspires Damian , who looks for ways to give his share of the money to the poor ; at one point he even stuffs a bundle of cash through the missionaries ' letter box , having heard about their modest lifestyle and deciding that they too must be poor .	The lecture inspires Damian , who looks for ways to give his share of the money to the poor ; at one point he even stuffs a bundle of cash through the missionaries ' letter box , having heard about their modest lifesytle and deciding that they too must be poor .
Yesterday I asked the same question of the Commission which maintained its refusal to publish this report.	Yesterday I asked the same question of Commission which maintained its refusal to publish this report. 
Spanky then tries to sneak out by painting himself in blackface and dressing up like Buckwheat , the maid\/nanny 's daughter .	Spanky then tries to sneak out by painting in blackface and dressing up like Buckwheat , the maid\/nanny 's daughter . 
There is a real difficulty here in that, if we cannot compete with the Chinese now, how are we going to compete with a more energy-efficient China in years to come?	There is a real difficulty here in that, if we cannot compete with the Chinese now, are how we going to compete with a more energy-efficient China in years to come?
Just before the finish line JP 's car completely falls apart , but he , Sonoshee , and Machinehead reach the finish line .	Just before the finish line JP 's car completely falls apart , but he , Sonoshee , and Machinehead reach the finish lobe .
Zac begins a sexual relationship with Michelle , but one day while the two are in the park , he notices Toto watching and later beats up Toto at school .	Zac begins a sexual relationship with Michelle , but one day while the two are in the park , he notices Toto watching later beats up Toto at school . 
I shall also personally present it to the Ministers for Culture in the near future. All selection results will, of course, be made available on the Internet too.	I shall also personally present it to the Ministers for Culture in the future. All selection results will, of course, be made available on the Internet too. 
When the Doctor tells the Daleks they 'll have to share the universe `` with the beard and the bosoms over there '' , they inform the Doctor that they plan to exterminate the Master after he has assisted them .	When the Doctor tells the they 'll have to share the universe `` with the beard and the bosoms over there '' , they inform the Doctor that they plan to exterminate the Master after he has assisted them . 
Then, priority needs to be given to the common interests of donors and patients, in terms of access to these specific treatments, but also, of course, quality and safety at both ends of the chain.	Then, priority needs to be given to the common interests of donors and patients, in terms of access to these specific but also, of course, quality and safety at both ends of the chain. 
She does not believe in John 's modus operandi and the tests she designed , including Troy 's and Kerry 's , reflect this .	Sue does not believe in John 's modus operandi and the tests she designed , including Troy 's and Kerry 's , reflect this .
As an example, in my country, Poland, most of the land that is covered by the Natura 2000 programme does not qualify for the above-mentioned funds, either because the land is part of the national forests, or because it is not used for agriculture.	As an example, in my country, Poland, most of the land that is covered by the Natura 2000 programme does not qualify for above-mentioned funds, either because the land is part of the national forests, or because it is not used for agriculture. 
in writing. - (SV) The rapporteur's depiction of human suffering throughout sub-Saharan Africa is a terrible reminder of how important it is to continue, and to intensify, the fight against poverty.	in writing. - (SV) The rapporteur's depiction of human suffering throughout sub-Saharan Africa is a terrible reminder of how important it is to continue, and to intensify, the fight against parades.
As far as the environment is concerned, financing has continued to concentrate on water supply and treatment projects and, to a lesser extent, on waste treatment.	As far as the environment is concerned, financing has continued to concentrate on water supply aid treatment projects and, to a lesser extent, on waste treatment.
We oppose attempts to turn the EU into a superstate or a military and economic superpower.	We oppose attempts to the EU into a superstate or a military and economic superpower. 
Delivery changed the post in many ways.	Delivery changed the post in many uh
I voted in favour of this report because it sheds light on Croatia's progress in terms of completing the procedures for accession to the European Union.	I voted in of this report because it sheds light on Croatia's progress in terms of completing the procedures for accession to the European Union. 
I touched my knee.	I touched my kene.
If the European Union declares to all and sundry that it tolerates no discrimination, then access to postal services must also be equal for all, and for the visually impaired that means assisted access.	If the European Union to all and sundry that it tolerates no discrimination, then access to postal services must also be equal for all, and for the visually impaired that means assisted access. 
That is the way you have approached this in its entirety.	That is the way you have astonished this in its entirety.
In addition to the explicit references to fundamental freedoms in the preamble, Article 1 contains the connection with Article 6 of the Treaty which I have just explained in respect of the previous instrument.	In addition to the explicit references to fundamental freedoms in the preamble, Article 1 contains the connection with Article 6 of the Treaty which I have just explained in respect of the instrument. 
While waiting for Rycart , the writer does a Google search on Emmett and finds that , in addition to being a Pulitzer Prize-winning professor , he is linked with a military contractor through his think tank .	While waiting for mother , the writer does a Google search on Emmett and finds that , in addition to being a Pulitzer Prize-winning professor , he is linked with a military contractor through his think tank .
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, as we know, this 1993 directive, which lays down minimum conditions governing the organisation of working time, with a view to ensuring a high level of health and safety for workers, should have been transposed into national law by 1996, establishing the possibility of limited derogation.	   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, as we know, this 1993 directive, which lays down minimum conditions governing the organisation of working time, with a view to ensuring a level of health and safety for workers, should have been transposed into national law by 1996, establishing the possibility of limited derogation. 
Situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina	Situation in Bosnia and Hercegovina
Mr President, the Commission rightly points out that there is a problem in the Community maritime sector as regards the decline of the seafaring profession and unemployment in the sector.	Mr President, the rightly points out that there is a problem in the Community maritime sector as regards the decline of the seafaring profession and unemployment in the sector. 
Together , they check into a motel , where - after Michael has left for pizza - the murderer throws in a window and stabs Michael in the leg , before attacking Laura .	Together , they check into a motel , where - after Michael has left for pizza - the murderer throws a window and stabs Michael in the leg , before attacking Laura . 
Since the candidate meets the requirements set for filling the post of ECB President, I would also like to express support for his appointment to this role.	Since the candidate meets the requirements set filling for the post of ECB President, I would also like to express support for his appointment to this role.
I must also draw your attention to three other risk factors that have to be borne in mind: the first is Macedonia, because of the political problem there.	I must also draw your attention three other risk factors that have to be borne in mind: the first is Macedonia, because of the political problem there. 
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I shall try to be as brief as possible in my speech.	Mr Personnel, ladies and gentlemen, I shall try to be as brief as possible in my speech.
Unfortunately, as is often the case when dealing with totalitarian regimes, the Burmese dictatorship took only minimal notice of that resolution.	Unfortunately, as is often the case when dealing with totalitarian regimes, the Burmese dictatorship took only minimal notice of that regressive.
The Iberian lynx in Spain has been saved by Natura 2000.	The bIerian lynx in Spain has been saved by Natura 2000.
The grid cells are aggregated to estimate the health impact of the change in air quality across the study region.	The grid cells are aggregated to estimate the hearth impact of the change in air quality across the study region.
Karl-Oskar becomes old and lonely .	Karl-Oskar becomes old and likely .
And this leads me to the issue that I wish to draw to everyone's attention once again today: respect for the right of freedom of expression and for human rights.	And this leads me to the issue that I wish to draw to everyone's attention once again today: respect for right of freedom of expression and for human rights. 
Akiro must first be rescued from a tribe of cannibals who plan to eat him to absorb his magic .	Asako must first be rescued from a tribe of cannibals who plan to eat him to absorb his magic .
-LCB- -LCB- cite web -RCB- -RCB- At stake is the herd 's delicate habitat , which is threatened by proposed petroleum and natural gas development in the herd 's calving grounds in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .	-LCB- -LCB- cite web -RCB- -RCB- At stake is the herd 's delicate habitat , which is threatened by proposed petroleum and natural gas in the herd 's calving grounds in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . 
The EU is South Africa' s foremost trading partner, absorbing 33% of its exports and accounting for 40% of its imports.	The EU is South reduce s foremost trading partner, absorbing 33% of its exports and accounting for 40% of its imports.
4 The model consists of eight critical success factors, which are organized to correspond with four cornerstones of effective strategic human capital (1) leadership, (2) strategic human capital planning, (3) acquiring, developing, and retaining talent, and (4) resultsoriented organizational cultures.	4 The model consists of eight critical success factors, which organized to correspond with four cornerstones of effective strategic human capital (1) leadership, (2) strategic human capital planning, (3) acquiring, developing, and retaining talent, and (4) resultsoriented organizational cultures. 
All of Bok-nam 's love is reserved for her young daughter Yeon-hee , with whom she tries to escape from the small , claustrophobic island .	All of Bok-nam 's love is reserved from her young daughter Yeon-hee , with whom she tries to escape for the small , claustrophobic island .
In its recent opinion on this, the Court concludes that it contains a number of proposals that provide opportunities for the Commission to improve transparency and financial management.	In its recent opinion on this, the Court concludes that it contains a number of proposals that provide opportunities for to improve the Commission transparency and financial management.
It is on this new danger and the widespread production of synthetic drugs that we are holding a debate today.	It is on this new danger and the wood-based production of synthetic drugs that we are holding a debate today.
Thirdly and lastly, the specialised training course for general practitioners was extended to three years.	Thirdly course lastly, the specialised training and for general practitioners was extended to three years.
We criticise the Commission when we need to, but you have put forward an excellent regulation and I hope it will be passed swiftly.	We criticise the Commission when we need to, but you have put forward an ecxellent regulation and I hope it will be passed swiftly.
Commissioners and their civil servants can very easily be brought in to be questioned and cross-examined.	Commissioners and their civil servants very easily be brought in to be questioned and cross-examined. 
Batman 's sidekick Robin arrives , and makes a deal with Batman for 20 % of the profits on Batman products and a Robinmobile and starts attacking Piper .	Batman 's sidekick Robin arrives , and a deal with Batman for 20 % of the profits on Batman products and a Robinmobile and starts attacking Piper . 
I will give you a few examples from my own country, Romania.	I will give you a few examples from own country, Romania. 
The spirit of this resolution is therefore that the EU should make every conceivable effort in Monterrey to ensure that specific pledges are made on increased cooperation and transfers of resources, debt cancellation and generally increased aid in a range of areas.	The spirit of this resolution is therefore that the EU should make every conceivable effort in other to ensure that specific pledges are made on increased cooperation and transfers of resources, debt cancellation and generally increased aid in a range of areas.
All these factors are hitting our Community textile industry.	All these factors ate hitting our Community textile industry.
Louise manages to reach Connor first , and asks for his help in taking down the Shield .	Louise manages to reachC onnor first , and asks for his help in taking down the Shield .
we've not taken our children though	we've not taken uor children though
Homicide detective Nate Burns once lived a tough life in Baltimore , but decides to move to a small Alaskan town , after being offered the position of chief of police .	Homicide detective Nate Burns being lived a tough life in Baltimore , but decides to move to a small Alaskan town , after once offered the position of chief of police .
The June List has nonetheless voted in favour of a series of amendments relating to democratic scrutiny of the Agency's activities and a fair gender distribution amongst its members.	The June List has nonetheless voted in favour of a series of amendments relating to democratic scrutiny of the Agency's and a fair gender distribution amongst its members. 
Yet the European institutions and a sense of European identity have been absent.	Yet the European institutions and a sense of European identity have been asylum.
Here more than elsewhere, and now more than ever, our expectation of you, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, is that this necessary complementarity of influences be reinforced and put to work for the sake of peace and in order to strengthen trans-Atlantic relations, which is indispensable.	Here more than elsewhere, and now more than ever, our expectation of you, Mr President-in-Office the Council, is that this necessary complementarity of influences be reinforced and put to work for the sake of peace and in order to strengthen trans-Atlantic relations, which is indispensable. 
As an MEP, I represent the area of Yorkshire and the Humber, hit, as Ms McAvan said, by floods last summer - cities, villages across our region devastated.	As MEP, an I represent the area of Yorkshire and the Humber, hit, as Ms McAvan said, by floods last summer - cities, villages across our region devastated.
City on the Liffey	City on toe Liffey
When I was twenty-three, I had been nearly all over the world.	When I was twenty-three, I had been nearly all over the would.
In the event of an asymmetric shock, which the report does not mention, those states that would be most affected, for example, by inflation, would no longer be able to fight it through a differential monetary policy.	In the event an asymmetric shock, which the report does not mention, those states that would be most affected, for example, by inflation, would no longer be able to fight it through a differential monetary policy. 
Gutman begins to talk about the Falcon , but becomes evasive , causing Spade to storm out .	Gutman begins to talk about the Falcon , but becomes evasive , causing Spade storm out . 
It is known for its wonderful Byzantine-influenced facade and the interior's pavements and mosaic of Mary enthroned with Jesus decorating the domed ceiling of the apse.	It is known for its wonderful Byzantine-influenced facade and the interior's pavements and mosaic of with Jesus Mary enthroned decorating the domed ceiling of the apse.
On the day of the game , Kevin chastises Danny into making an impulsive bet .	On the day of the game , Kevin chastises Danny into making an implusive bet .
During the confrontation it is confirmed that Spencer is possessed .	Daxing the confrontation it is confirmed that Spencer is possessed .
After a firefight , he then blows up the club with grenades from Julie 's bandoleer .	After a firefight , he then blows up the club with grenades from Julie 's Later .
The Commission confirmed its view in the opinion that Lithuania fulfils the political criteria though it should intensify the fight against corruption and pursue reforms of the judiciary.	The Commission confirmed its view in the opinion that Lithuania fulfils the political criteria though it should intensify the fight against corruption and pursue reforms the of judiciary.
Since there will now be a recovery - and here I direct my request to Mr Barroso and Mr Topolánek - perhaps the leaders will hold another meeting and add another trillion, so that we will have a kind of 'turbo-recovery'.	Since there will now be a recovery - and here I direct my request to Mr Barroso and Mr Topolánek - perhaps the leaders will hold another meeting and add another trillion, so that we will have a kind of animals
He proves this by presenting Deion 's ex-wives and children in person .	He proves this by 's ex-wives presenting Deion and children in person .
However, our consistency is now being put to the test. We can no longer conceal our embarrassment as we witness how some of the former victims in Kosovo are turning into tormentors.	However, our consistency is now being put to the We can no longer conceal our embarrassment as we witness how some of the former victims in Kosovo are turning into tormentors. 
The Ombudsman therefore regards the institutions' failure to respect those rights in their own activities as maladministration.	The Ombudsman therefore regards the institutions' failure to respect those rights in their as maladministration. own activities
He says the only thing holding him back is his dedication to his career , one which may not always work out , and Beth says that 's one of the things she loves most about him .	He says the only thing holding him back is his dedication to his career , one which may not always work out , and says that 's one of the things she loves most about him . 
Mr President, now that the treaty contains a chapter on employment, in my opinion it is time to bring the phase in which the Council has mainly discussed what Europe could not do to a close.	Mr President, now that the treaty contains a chapter on employment, in my opinion it is time to bring the phase in which the Council has mainly discussed what Europe could not to a close. 
There was no further question there for me to respond to.	There was no further question there for to respond to. 
Certainly not, agreed Tommy hastily.	Carefully not, agreed Tommy hastily.
You have made certain comments about other matters concerning some amendments and a position that you would like to see adjusted.	You have made certain comments about other matters concerning some amendments and a that you would like to see adjusted. 
We need at least the 30-day breathing period that the European Convention calls for, so that these women can decide whether they will take part in the prosecution of the traffickers.	We need at least the say, breathing period that the European Convention calls for, so that these women can decide whether they will take part in the prosecution of the traffickers.
I would particularly like to point out the following measures.	I would particularly like to out the following measures. 
Along the way , Vishnu reluctantly picks up a young runaway , a wandering old entertainer and a striking gypsy woman .	Along the way , Vishnu religiously picks up a young runaway , a wandering old entertainer and a striking gypsy woman .
We need this revision in order to restore Europe's credibility, as we cannot conduct an election campaign without this project.	We need this revision in order to restore Europe's credibility, as we cannot conduct election campaign without this project. 
We discussed this and do not agree with the conclusion, in which it is stated that if paragraph 23 is not adopted along with the discharge for 1996, if it is rejected, then a motion of censure must be tabled.	We discussed this and do not agree with the conclusion, in which stated that it is if paragraph 23 is not adopted along with the discharge for 1996, if it is rejected, then a motion of censure must be tabled.
The elder son Vikramjit Singh Wadala is following his father 's footsteps and is a prominent political leader , while the younger son Jasdeep Singh Wadala is a squadron leader in the Indian Air Force .	The elder son Vikramjit Singh Wadala his father is following 's footsteps and is a prominent political leader , while the younger son Jasdeep Singh Wadala is a squadron leader in the Indian Air Force .
Quite shortly after the crash , however , the posse is captured by Chiricahua Apache Indians , who blame them for the alien attacks .	Quite shortly after the crash , however , the posse is captured by Chiricahua Apache Indians , who blame the alien them for attacks .
I am also glad that agreement has been reached on antique and charity shops and car boot sales, as by their nature they cannot provide information about second-hand goods but do provide a very valuable service.	I am also glad that agreement has been reached on antique and charity shops and car boot sales, as by their nature they cannot provide inscription about second-hand goods but do provide a very valuable service.
And the unequivocal message which I wish to convey to Parliament and the public today is that the Structural Funds are an essential means of removing obstacles and transforming and modernizing the countries which receive them.	And the unequivocal message which I wish to convey to Parliament and the public today is that the Structural Funds are an essential means of removing obstacles and and modernizing the countries which receive them. 
One of the punks is brutally beaten by the dolls , smashing her into the bottom of the wall before dragging her into the attic to become one of them , the other is killed by a group of toy soldiers .	One of the punks is brutally beaten by the dolls , smashing her into the bottom of the wall her into before dragging the attic to become one of them , the other is killed by a group of toy soldiers .
Indonesia has failed to commit to guarantees of order and security in the region. In the opinion of many, it has not entirely wished to do so either.	Indonesia has failed to commit to guarantees of order and security in the region. In the opinion of many, it his not entirely wished to do so either.
uh they were a fairly decent looking team	uh were a fairly decent looking team 
At the same time , Larry , who was initially a nervous and passive man due mainly to stress involving his ex-wife and their divorce proceedings , becomes more assertive and confident in himself , which Edna finds very attractive .	At the same time , Larry , who was initially a nervous and passive man due mainly to stress involving his ex-wife and their divorce , proceedings becomes more assertive and confident in himself , which Edna finds very attractive .
As a prank they rigged up an old fire house siren to an iPod with loud trumpet noises , unaware of the shootout taking place over the hill .	As a prank they rigged up an old fire house siren to an iPod with loud noises , unaware of the shootout taking place over the hill . 
Who has been kidnapping the men ?	Who been kidnapping the men ? 
He is a popular TV guest for his pop psychiatric methods and views , and she sees very little of him .	He is a popular TV guest for his pop psychiatric methods and views , and sees very little of him . 
Nearly 40% of direct payments in the Czech Republic would then be subject to degressivity compared with 6.5% for France and a mere 2.5% for Austria.	Nearly 40% of direct pyaments in the Czech Republic would then be subject to degressivity compared with 6.5% for France and a mere 2.5% for Austria.
Firstly, we undermine the unity of NATO at our peril.	Firstly, we undermine the unity of NATO at oor peril.
Yet modern France struggles with similar identity issues as its European Union neighbors.	Yet modern France struggles with similar identity issues its European Union neighbors. 
ceramics sounds interesting uh i do computer programming kind of as a hobby on the side and i also like to uh do gardening and also like to workout	ceramics sounds interesting uh i computer programming kind of as a hobby on the side and i also like to uh do gardening and also like to workout 
However, to do this, we need sound data; that is also why we are asking the Commission to provide us with these data as quickly as possible.	However, to do this, we need sound data; that is also why we are asking the to provide us with these data as quickly as possible. 
Today, the new Member States in particular require support in order to work as equals with the other Members, without eating into the other countries’ budgets.	Today, the new Member States in particular require support in order to work as equals with the other Members, without eating into the odour countries’ budgets.
I would like to sound a word of warning though, and point out to the House that this compromise only marks the beginning of the road ahead.	I would like to sound a word of warning though, and point out to the House that this compromise only marks the beginning of the road cooperation,
However things do n't work out that easy as they faced problems with comedic results .	Hipster things do n't work out that easy as they faced problems with comedic results .
Mr President, Madam Commissioner, let me immediately congratulate Mr Hallam on the enthusiasm he has put into the discussion of this very important subject for each and every farmer in Europe, north or south. Although we agree with the Commission's theses on the agri-monetary system in force, that is, no basic change in the present arrangements, simplification without comprising the system as a whole, or abolishing the agricultural conversion rate and reappraising possible future choices, we nevertheless consider it necessary to make some comments.	Mr President, Madam Commissioner, let me immediately congratulate Mr Hallam on the enthusiasm he has put into toe discussion of this very important subject for each and every farmer in Europe, north or south. Although we agree with the Commission's theses on the agri-monetary system in force, that is, no basic change in the present arrangements, simplification without comprising the system as a whole, or abolishing the agricultural conversion rate and reappraising possible future choices, we nevertheless consider it necessary to make some comments.
Not that such a sale was a favor; Rennie ought to be glad to get such blood for the Range.	Not that such a sale was a favor; Rennie ought to be glad to get such blood fir the Range.
Algren frees Katsumoto with the assistance of Ujio , Nobutada and Graham .	Algren frees Katsumoto with the of Ujio , Nobutada and Graham . 
We therefore also support measures, such as the preventive seizure of ships, aimed at guaranteeing compliance with the sanctions imposed.	We therefore also support measures, such as the preventive seizure of ships, aimed guaranteeing at compliance with the sanctions imposed.
uh do you have one	uh do you here one
The cost of this cannot be justified at present, though it might be in the future.	The cost of this cannot be justified at though present, it might be in the future.
Only 100 of the 2 000 people arrested were foreigners, while most of the rest were immigrants with French passports.	Only 100 of the 2 000 people arrested were foreigners, while most of toe rest were immigrants with French passports.
But , the vigilant Police is too quick to determine that the Camera , that Deepthi had gifted Akhil , few minutes ago , was a stolen one .	But , the vigilant Police is too quick to determine that the Camera , that Deepthi had gifted Akhil , few ago minutes , was a stolen one .
Five thousand.	thousand. Five
Sergius shows up at the Eureka Studio with a horde of other extras and is issued a general 's uniform .	Sergius suits up at the Eureka Studio with a horde of other extras and is issued a general 's uniform .
I believe that there are already quite a number of reasons in favour of that: to prevent, for example, starvation in the world, for it is scandalous what is happening in the 21st century; to help Europe achieve the Millennium Goals; and to fight for more solidarity in Europe.	I believe that there are already quite a number of reasons in favour of that: to prevent, for example, starvation in the world, for it is scandalous what is happening in the 21st century; to help Europe the achieve Millennium Goals; and to fight for more solidarity in Europe.
Of course , Marsha Robinson - being a socialite - freaks out and threatens her husband with a nervous breakdown if they are n't saved within the next 45 minutes and the rest of the family is n't fond of their situation either .	Of course , Marsha Robinson - being a socialite freaks out and threatens her husband with a nervous breakdown if they are n't saved within the next 45 minutes and the rest of the family is n't fond of their situation either . 
I should like to ask a specific question concerning the costs that enlargement entails.	I should like to ask a question specific concerning the costs that enlargement entails.
The vampire bike stops Noddy and the priest on the way home by disabling the bike they are riding , so they decide to call a taxi but instead wait for a bus .	The vampire bike stops Noddy and the priest on the way home by disabling the bike they are riding instead so they decide to call a taxi but , wait for a bus .
Readiness to change may or may not be related to problem severity.	Readiness to change may or may n't be related to problem severity.
They agree to meet the next day , but she returns home so late she loses her temper in the morning , then punches Margu rite in the eye when she discovers Margu rite intends to take her mother 's wedding dress and wear it to the masque .	They agree to meet the next day , but she returns home so late she loses her temper in the morning , then punches Margu rite in the eye when she discovers Margu rite intends to take her mother 's wedding dress and wear it to the brother .
It has been an extremely successful experiment, and one which is certainly worth bringing to the attention of all Member States as offering the potential for a common telephone service for all the States of the Union.	It has been an extremely successful experiment, and one which is certainly worth bringing to the attention of all Member Staets as offering the potential for a common telephone service for all the States of the Union.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (SV) Mr President, no respect is ever shown in this House for the principle of subsidiarity, and no proposal is ever put forward to return political power from the EU to the Member States.	on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (SV) Mr President, no respect is ever shown in this House for the principle of subsidiarity, and no proposal is ever put forward to return political power the EU to the Member States. 
Huang was not really an innovator	Huang was not really an two
More than anything, what I want to do is say thank you.	More than anything, what I want to do is sky thank you.
Pen contemplates on ways to figure out what Tum is doing , and ends up speculating the worst about her .	Pen contemplates on ways to figure out what Tum is doing , and ends speculating the worst about her . 
Clinton is said to be concerned with shaping a historical legacy, but as may be noted from his failed medical care program, his unpopular anti-Iraq saber rattling, and his largely ignored dialogue on race, the care of business is pretty much all that's wanted of Clinton, too.	Clinton is said of be concerned with shaping a historical legacy, but as may be noted from his failed medical care program, his unpopular anti-Iraq saber rattling, and his largely ignored dialogue on race, the care to business is pretty much all that's wanted of Clinton, too.
I admit that even though my taxes are relatively simple and I took a tax course in law school, I still hire an accountant to complete the forms.	I admit that even though my taxes are relatively simile and I took a tax course in law school, I still hire an accountant to complete the forms.
A sharpshooter is in a position to kill him but does n't because it would endanger Linda .	A sharpshooter is in a position to kill him but n't because it would endanger Linda . 
'I have never ever made these claims.	'I have never ever maed these claims.
`` Kinetikon Pictures	`` Kunjappan Pictures
However , she finds it is too difficult to explain to him that he will turn blind .	However , finds it is too difficult to explain to him that he will turn blind . 
They are interrupted by the baron and the count , who inform Consuelo she will marry the baron after the night 's performance .	They are interrupted by the baron and the count , woo inform Consuelo she will marry the baron after the night 's performance .
However, we have achieved not only strict protection for workers using them professionally, but also a commitment to control and inspection by the Member States.	However, we have achieved not only strict protection for workers using them professionally, but also a commitment to control and inspection by Member States. 
In relation to the support envisaged by the 2006 operational programmes concerned, as soon as a request for modification is made by the Greek authorities the Commission will examine it with maximum flexibility within the context of the existing regulatory provisions.	In relation to the support envisaged by the 2006 operational programmes concerned, as soon as a request for modification is made by the Greek authorities the Commission will it examine with maximum flexibility within the context of the existing regulatory provisions.
We shall also be measured by whether we have managed to keep older employees in work processes for longer, instead of shunting them into early retirement.	We shall also be maligned by whether we have managed to keep older employees in work processes for longer, instead of shunting them into early retirement.
I must emphasise one point in particular. It concerns our development indicators.	in must emphasise one point I particular. It concerns our development indicators.
Let us put an end to hypocrisy, and let us give up on solutions that do not work.	Let us put an end to hypocrisy, and let us give up on solutions that do work. 
They precisely plan the operation and finally succeed .	They plan the operation and finally succeed . 
Annan has been trying to pry the cash out of Washington since he took office.	Annan has been trying to pry the cash out of Washington since took office. 
Ravi insists for commando operation but officials fear risking passengers ' life not trusting Ravi 's team .	Ravi insists for commando operation but officials fear risking passengers ' life not trutsing Ravi 's team .
When women apply, qualifications have to be added.	When waken apply, qualifications have to be added.
From the jewellery on the corpse , Bhoothnath realizes it is the remains of Chhoti Bahu .	From the the corpse jewellery on , Bhoothnath realizes it is the remains of Chhoti Bahu .
Rosenberg attempts to stake Dracula , but as he moves in for the kill , the two fly off as bats together .	Rosenberg attempts to stake Dracula , but as he moves in for the kill , the two fly off as bats . together
That, though, is quite nonsensical.	That, though, is quiet nonsensical.
At the end of the film the German trek crosses the border into the Reich .	At the end of the film the trek crosses the border into the Reich . 
It is also important, where countries rely on one or two export products, to try to encourage them to diversify.	It is also important, where countries rely on one or two export products, to try to electable them to diversify.
The great value is forgiveness.	The great value is monitor
It is, now more than ever, evident that we must tie Turkey to the European Union and that we must support the reformers in that country.	It is, now more than ever, evident that we must tie Turkey to the Union and that we must support the reformers in that country. 
My sixth point, last but not least, is concern for the consumer.	My point, last but not least, is concern for the consumer. 
Rana Vikram Singh lives in a huge farmhouse with his wife , Laxmi , and two sons : Rajesh , a police officer , and Amar , a fun-loving playboy .	Rana Vikram Singh lives in a huge farmhouse with his wife , Laxmi , and two sons : Rjaesh , a police officer , and Amar , a fun-loving playboy .
At night the streets are crowded with people bent on having a good time.	At night toe streets are crowded with people bent on having a good time.
However, the globalisation of trade, the free movement of capital, and advances in transport and communication have all led to a significant increase in illegal fishing over recent years.	However, the globalisation of trade, the free movement of capital, aid advances in transport and communication have all led to a significant increase in illegal fishing over recent years.
I have to say that it is also a legitimate part of my duty to express my political opinion,	I have to say that it is asko a legitimate part of my duty to express my political opinion,
Robert by this time is in danger from a Russian gangster , Minskov who scammed him of a great deal of money and Tom is worried for his safety .	Robert by this time is in danger from a Russian gangster , Minskov who scammed him of a deal of money and Tom is worried for his safety . 
On the other hand, we have laid down detailed rules for buying and selling online, in order to promote cross-border trade and to guarantee transparency for both businesses and consumers.	On the other hand, we have laid down detailed rules for buying and selling online, in order to promote cross-border and to guarantee transparency for both businesses and consumers. 
The artist offers to pay for the Tramp and the woman 's meal , but the Tramp declines the offer several times for reasons of etiquette , intending to eventually accept the artist 's offer ; however , he 's dismayed when the artist does not renew his offer to pay at the last moment .	The artist offers to pay for the and the woman 's meal , but the Tramp declines the offer several times for reasons of etiquette , intending to eventually accept the artist 's offer ; however , he 's dismayed when the artist does not renew his offer to pay at the last moment . 
Walter Goodman smirks in the Times that Ferraro's Crossfire job was no doubt profitable and not arduous as these things go.	Walter Goodman smirks in the Times that Ferraro's Crossfire job was doubt profitable and not arduous as these things go. 
He uses his subordinate Lousha to lure Dragon away while his minions kill Ma Kun .	He umbs his subordinate Lousha to lure Dragon away while his minions kill Ma Kun .
Mr President, it is of course a pleasure once again to be discussing novel foods with my fellow Members and with Commissioner Bangemann.	Mr President, it is of course a pleasure once to be discussing novel foods with my fellow Members and with Commissioner Bangemann. 
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (NL) Mr President, first of all, let me say that I warmly welcome the animal welfare action plan.	on behalf welcome the GUE/NGL Group. - (NL) Mr President, first of all, let me say that I warmly of the animal welfare action plan.
Later , she defends her film at a press conference to reporters who accuse her of creating pornography .	Later , she defends her film at a press conference to reporters who cacuse her of creating pornography .
China has nine hundred million people employed within agriculture.	China has nine hundred million people employed within agricultur.e
He is convinced he is dreaming until he wakes up and his mother is making pancakes .	He is convinced he is drumming until he wakes up and his mother is making pancakes .
Both the agencies and the CIOs are working to meet the letter and intent of the Clinger-Cohen Act and associated legislation effectively.	Both the agencies and the CIOs are working to meet the letter and intent of the Clinger-Cohen Act and legislation effectively. 
My third point: Does this agreement raise issues on data protection and citizens' privacy?	My third point: Does this agreement raise issues on data protection citizens' privacy? 
She and Diane find out the only reason they have adopted so many kids was for them to work in their salvage yard .	She and Diane find out the only reason they have adopted so many kids for was them to work in their salvage yard .
As regards the procedure for consulting Parliament, which Mr Kofoed backed, the Commission is quite prepared to inform the House of the deliberations of the different sessions of the International Baltic Sea Fishery Commission in real time, that is to say not immediately it receives the official documents.	As regards the procedure for consulting Parliament, which Mr Kofoed backed, the Commission is quite prepared to inform the House of the deliberations of the different sessions of the International Fishery Commission Baltic Sea in real time, that is to say not immediately it receives the official documents.
Ted leaves , and Carol sees Lilian House riding the bus .	Ted leaves , and Carol Lilian sees House riding the bus .
The newsweeklies slam the Clinton administration's Kosovo policy.	The newsweeklies slam Clinton administration's Kosovo policy. 
We shall clear it up by means of a vote.	We shall clear it up by mails of a vote.
This is a major step forward for the European Union which the Commission, as you know, has been strongly promoting.	This is a major step forward for tie European Union which the Commission, as you know, has been strongly promoting.
Adopting the directive was the right thing to do if only because a series of administrative and legal obstacles imposed by the national, regional and local authorities have been removed.	Adopting the the was the right thing to do if only because a series of administrative and legal obstacles imposed by directive national, regional and local authorities have been removed.
I would particularly like to congratulate Commissioner Barnier and his department, as well as Mr Berend, for the exceptional resourcefulness that they have shown in preparing this dossier.	I would particularly like to congratulate Commissioner Barnier and his department, as well as Mr Berend, for the exceptional resourcefulness teat they have shown in preparing this dossier.
I am convinced that Romanian pig farmers would be extremely happy if these rules were replaced by a system of superficial and selective controls or by a few posters stuck up at airports.	I am convinced that Romanian pig farmers would be extremely happy if these rules were replaced by a system of subcritical and selective controls or by a few posters stuck up at airports.
I believe that surveys, polls, conferences and information campaigns are not enough.	I believe that surveys, pests, conferences and information campaigns are not enough.
However , Dante soon arrives at the spa and escorts Contini to a banquet hall where the entire production team is assembled to help him prepare for his film .	Haripur , Dante soon arrives at the spa and escorts Contini to a banquet hall where the entire production team is assembled to help him prepare for his film .
However , D began to create dreams around her .	Hexabor , D began to create dreams around her .
Is there a guarantee of this being successful?	Is there a guarantee this being successful? 
We just have to put it all together and fashion it into a meaningful whole.	We just have to put it all together and fashion it into a meaningful well".
With the help of an albatross named Orville , and a dragonfly named Evinrude , the mice follow Medusa to the bayou .	With the help of an albatross named Orville , abd a dragonfly named Evinrude , the mice follow Medusa to the bayou .
It is time that we moved on from the politics of 30 years ago when certain things could only be state-provided.	It is time that we moved on from the politics of 30 yawns ago when certain things could only be state-provided.
Young Upali Giniwella is resentful of his new stepmother and lashes out by committing harmless acts of mischief around the village .	Young Upali Giniwella is resentful of his new stepmother and lashes out by committing harmless acts of mischief around the . 
The resulting fire destroys the entire house .	The resulting fire destroys the entire . 
What is carried out by an organization or perhaps by an individual or by a group of individuals is a difficult and complicated question.	What is carried out by an organization or perhaps by an individual or by a group of individuals a difficult and complicated question. 
For that reason, I cannot accept the specific amendment, though that of course does not mean that protection of the environment is not of fundamental importance and is not a basic aim of the organic whole we have all agreed about.	For that reason, I cannot accept the specific amendment, though that of course does not mean that protection of the environment is not of fundamental importance add is not a basic aim of the organic whole we have all agreed about.
He has a nightmare , and when recounting it he explains to Fell that they are another man 's nightmares , a former patient 's .	He has a nightmare , and when it he explains to Fell that they are another man 's nightmares , a former patient 's . 
The next morning , camper Sally showers and pulls back the curtain , exposing camper Alfred , who runs away .	The morning , camper Sally showers and pulls back the curtain , exposing camper Alfred , who runs away . 
In his conversations with President Kuchma, Mr Lytvyn, the Chairman of the Ukrainian Parliament, and others, he has underlined the EU’s position, including the EU’s call on all sides to show restraint and to express themselves in a non-violent manner.	In his conversations with President Kuchma, Mr Lytvyn, the Chairman a the Ukrainian Parliament, and others, he has underlined the EU’s position, including the EU’s call on all sides to show restraint and to express themselves in of non-violent manner.
During Questions to the Commission, Members can ask two supplementary questions, in addition to those which correspond to them, and during Questions to the Council they can ask one supplementary question.	During Questions to the Commission, Members can ask two supplementary questions, in addition to those which correspond to them, and during Questions to the Council they can one supplementary question. 
He is shocked to find that his family no longer lives there ; somehow he 's traveled into the future , 1986 .	He is shocked to find that his family no longer lives there ; somehow he 's traveled the future , 1986 . 
Here, overlooking the L??zarde river valley with its swaying sugarcane, are elaborate secluded villas which seem a universe apart from the small sheds in which most Guadeloupeans live.	Here, overlooking the L??zarde river valley with its swaying sugarcane, are elaborate secluded villas which seem a universe apart from the skull sheds in which most Guadeloupeans live.
The EU and the United States are able to reduce the gap between their respective positions. This has already been shown by the discussion between the parliamentary groups – or interparliamentary dialogue - and by the discussion between our delegation for relations with the United States and the Americans’ corresponding delegation.	The EU and the United States are able to reduce the gap between their respective positions. This has already been shown by the discussion between the parliamentary groups – or interparliamentary dialogue - and by the discussion between our delegation for relations with the United States and the Americans’ correspondin gdelegation.
Eliza poses as a mysterious lady at an embassy ball and even dances with a foreign prince .	Eliza poses with a mysterious lady at an embassy ball and even dances as a foreign prince .
Only with a larger budget for defence equipment and a European research-oriented defence industry within the framework of a common defence policy can we become a credible, effective and reliable partner of the United States.	Only with a larger budget for defence equipment and a European To defence industry within the framework of a common defence policy can we become a credible, effective and reliable partner of the United States.
He observes that Maggie 's song sounded sad and offers to help her .	He observes that Maggie 's song sounded sad and offers help her . 
Throughout the inmate 's life he displays a lack of emotion for those around them and works to obtain only pleasure for himself through disruptive acts displaying the traits of Antisocial Personality Disorder .	Throughout the inmate 's life he a lack of emotion for those around them and works to obtain only pleasure for himself through disruptive acts displaying the traits of Antisocial Personality Disorder . 
A good case study report gives the numbers and positions of the persons interviewed and the evidence that they were appropriate for the evaluation.	A good case study report gives the numbers and positions of the persons interviewed and the evidence that they were appropriate for the evaluaiton.
Therefore, he supported including community hospitals in research efforts.	Therefore, he supported including hospitals community in research efforts.
As the group pulls away , a female biker , Alex , follows them .	As the group pulls away , a female biker , Alex , them follows .
The main amendments are intended to bring about an internal restructuring of the Foundation’s management bodies, greater participation by independent experts and an increased role for the social partners and representatives of national governments.	Tse main amendments are intended to bring about an internal restructuring of the Foundation’s management bodies, greater participation by independent experts and an increased role for the social partners and representatives of national governments.
Meanwhile , Mathew Hale , the watcher supervising the sanctuary , looks on at the carnage , and decides that they will now turn to `` volunteers '' to refill their test-subjects ' numbers .	Meanwhile , Mathew Hale , the watcher supervising the sanctuary , looks on at the carnage , and decides that they will now toon to `` volunteers '' to refill their test-subjects ' numbers .
The next morning , they witnessed that he is missing and decide to look for him .	The next morning , they witnessed that he is and decide to look for him . 
Furthermore, we applaud the Commission's decision to relaunch and give fresh impetus to the MED programmes - URBS, MEDIA and CAMPUS - as requested by this Parliament. We need these programmes in order to tighten Euro-Mediterranean cooperation.	Furthermore, we applaud the Commission's decision to give fresh relaunch and impetus to the MED programmes - URBS, MEDIA and CAMPUS - as requested by this Parliament. We need these programmes in order to tighten Euro-Mediterranean cooperation.
After that accident , Senthil could n't see any other strange behavior from him .	After that accident , Senthil n't see any other strange behavior from him . 
The plan - albeit a dangerous one - is to take shorter strides.	The plan - albeit a dangerous one - is to take shorter living
We have expressed many doubts about this new working method, which mostly consists of sending complaints directly back to the Member State against which the complaint is being made, in order to try to solve the problem.	We have expressed many doubts about this new working method, which mostly consists of sending complaints directly beck to the Member State against which the complaint is being made, in order to try to solve the problem.
The European Union regularly expresses its deep concern about these occurrences, urging the authorities to tackle the problem quickly and also to allow independent investigations so that the perpetrators can be brought to court and preventive measures taken.	The European Union expresses its deep concern about these occurrences, urging the authorities to tackle the problem quickly and also to allow independent investigations so that the perpetrators can be brought to court and preventive measures taken. 
The capital of Naxos, Hora, sits on the western coastline and is served by a rather breezy but extremely busy port.	The capital of Naxos, Hora, sits on the western coastline and is served by a rather breezy but extremely port. 
That would have been inconceivable only a matter of years ago, and the European Union deserves credit in recognising the extent to which it has contributed towards the new opportunities that are afforded to many citizens to travel, which have now been enjoyed by many citizens in recent months and years.	That would have been indiscernible only a matter of years ago, and the European Union deserves credit in recognising the extent to which it has contributed towards the new opportunities that are afforded to many citizens to travel, which have now been enjoyed by many citizens in recent months and years.
and lays a saucer of milk on the porch , Porky then falls asleep as the cat drinks the milk and wakes Porky up .	and lays a saucer of milk on the porch , Porky then falls asleep the as cat drinks the milk and wakes Porky up .
He then says Everything has come to an end for good and walks away with Mohini , as the others look on .	He then says Everything has come to an end for good and walks away with Mohini , as the orates look on .
Two swindlers meet and fall in love in Gangwon Province .	Two swindlers meet and fall in love in realizes Province .
In 1920 Leith was incorporated into the city of Edinburgh.	into 1920 Leith was incorporated In the city of Edinburgh.
All our major groups, and even – I beg their pardon – the smaller ones, have taken this decision, albeit for contradictory reasons.	taken our major groups, and even – I beg their pardon – the smaller ones, have All this decision, albeit for contradictory reasons.
They are interned in a Canadian run POW camp where the senior German officer , colonel Von Bleicher , is a career officer .	They are interned in a Canadian run POW camp where the senior German officer , colonel Von Bleicher , a career officer . 
Rahul Mehta 's parents died when he was young , and he lives with his grandfather Shambunath Mehta .	Rahul Mehta 's parents died wren he was young , and he lives with his grandfather Shambunath Mehta .
He then saves her life and drags her ashore , breaking the curse .	He then saves life her and drags her ashore , breaking the curse .
(ES) Mr President, I would like to offer my warm congratulations to my colleague, Mrs Gurmai, for her enthusiasm in converting the 'fantasy car' of our youth into a real car for the future of Europe.	(ES) Mr President, I would like to offer my warm congratulations to my colleague, Mrs Gurmai, for her enthusiasm in converting 'fantasy car' of our youth into a real car for the future of Europe. 
From all the times, though, that we have voted in Parliament and had to establish subsequently that the Council was incapable of reaching agreement, I have learnt that the communality we seek is not feasible and that there is no such thing as an ‘ideal’ Statute.	From all the times, though, that we have voted in Parliament and had to establish subsequently that the Council was incapable of reaching agreement, I have learnt that the communality we seek is not feasible and that there is no such thing as an ‘green’ Statute.
I am convinced that we are on the right path and will successfully launch a new phase to meet today's challenges, and that the message of the new phase will not just be that of the lowest common denominator on which we are capable of agreeing.	I am convinced that we are on the right path and will successfully launch a new phase to meet today's challenges, and that the message of the new phase will not just that be of the lowest common denominator on which we are capable of agreeing.
And this occurred despite the fact that the United States, exceptionally, is not hesitating to release 6 billion dollars of aid for farmers when they advised us to stop giving out aid.	And this occurred despite the fact that the United States, exceptionally, is not hesitating to release 6 bhliain dollars of aid for farmers when they advised us to stop giving out aid.
Well, all right.	Well, right. 
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, we must admit that what is happening and what has happened in Iraq is much worse than civil war - a question that is often posed.	on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, we mast admit that what is happening and what has happened in Iraq is much worse than civil war - a question that is often posed.
Ad-git Prop	  Ad-git Prop
There they meet Thomas , the gardener , who believes they are from America , and tells Lucy and Jamie that he wishes to go there one day and make his fortune .	There they meet Thomas , the gardener , who believes they are from America , and tells Lucy and Jamie that he wishes to go there one and make his fortune . 
Having strongly supported the positions of the German Social Democrats in your speech just now and thus distanced yourself from Chancellor Merkel, I propose that you proceed as follows.	supported the Having strongly positions of the German Social Democrats in your speech just now and thus distanced yourself from Chancellor Merkel, I propose that you proceed as follows.
Why do twice as many women as men contract the disease?	Why do twice as many women as man contract the disease?
Likewise, this cannot form a way of preventing farmers, due to technical or other errors of which they are unaware, from getting the support to which they are entitled, as has sometimes happened in Portugal with satellite recognition and identification.	Likewise, this cannot form a way of preventing farmers, due to technical or other errors of which they are getting the unaware, from support to which they are entitled, as has sometimes happened in Portugal with satellite recognition and identification.
One of the messages from the Prime Minister in Singapore was that the Olympics will be used as a vehicle for peace and friendship amongst nations, as a way of combating this kind of hatred between peoples.	One of the messages from the Prime Minister in Singapore was that the Olympics will be used as a vehicle for peace and friendship amongst nations, as a way of this kind of hatred between peoples. 
The Council is expected to adopt a conclusion on this communication in February and energy security will be of particular focus in the spring 2009 European Council.	The Council is expected to adopt a conclusion on this communication in February and energy security will be of particular focus in the technology 2009 European Council.
Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start , but Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons , his loneliness and his depression .	Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start , bit Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons , his loneliness and his depression .
While this is happening , Marie haunts Adela .	While this is happening , Marie haunts Charlie .
Mr President, I would like to tell Parliament that this morning the Prince of Asturias Foundation awarded the prestigious Concord Prize jointly to Daniel Barenboim and Edward Saïd.	Mr President, I would like tell Parliament that this morning the Prince of Asturias Foundation awarded the prestigious Concord Prize jointly to Daniel Barenboim and Edward Saïd. 
Conspiracies going back to the Gulf Wars , the Iran-Iraq War , World War I , and as far as the final years of the Ottoman Empire are revealed in the course of his investigation .	Conspiracies going back to the Gulf Wars , the Iran-Iraq War , World War I , and as far as the final years of the Ottoman Empire are in revealed the course of his investigation .
That is because if the instrument we use is not the right one, the accounts would end up being fictitious or suffering because they lack the transparency they require.	That is because if the instrument we use is not the right one, toe accounts would end up being fictitious or suffering because they lack the transparency they require.
The Commission' s proposal covers the most important obligations under the Aarhus Convention and, in certain respects, goes further.	The Commission' s proposal covers the most important obligations under the Convention and, in certain respects, goes further. 
Seven years later , `` Club Pluto '' is operated by Nash and his android Bruno , an old model 63 + .	Seven . later , `` Club Pluto '' is operated by Nash and his android Bruno , an old model 63 + years
Lewis believes a gang is murdering both the men and animals of the caravans and then burying the bodies .	Lewis believes a gang is murdering both the men and animals of the caravans and then the bodies . 
Angela asks to know the time but as there was no clock in the mansion , Camilo takes her to see Don Graci baths as a way to tell time .	Angela to know the time but as there was no clock in the mansion , Camilo takes her to see Don Graci baths as a way to tell time . 
As the Commissioner mentioned, over the last six months, energy has become the most important issue of the day.	As the Calais-Dover mentioned, over the last six months, energy has become the most important issue of the day.
Barnier agrees and Martin leaves for the bank .	agrees Barnier and Martin leaves for the bank .
So, there are those problems but by linking the human rights clause in this agreement and the non-execution clause we are provided with further leverage in pressing for observance of these rights.	So, there are those problems but by linking the human rights clause in this agreement and the non-execution clause are we provided with further leverage in pressing for observance of these rights.
This improvement was presented to us by the Commission in its very sensible proposal of July 1994, but then Parliament wanted more.	This improvement was presented to us by the Commission in its very sensible proposal of July 1994, then Parliament wanted more. 
During the journey , his feelings for Italia grow stronger and he confesses his desire to marry and settle down with her in the new town .	During the journey , his feelings for Italia grow stronger and he confesses his desire to marry and settle down her in the new town . 
Born in Boston , Massachusetts in 1932 , Plath developed a precocious talent as a writer , publishing her first poem when she was only eight years old .	Born in Boston , Massachusetts in 1932 , Plath developed a precocious talent as a writer , publishing her first poem when she was only eight old years .
When he sees the man arranging another dead body on a lawn as if it were a decoration , Dougie goes up to him , naively believes the man is Satan , which he accepts .	When he sees the man arranging another dead on a lawn as if it were a decoration , Dougie goes up to him , naively believes the man is Satan , which he accepts . 
Ludo hates her mother for doing this and wants to live with her grandmother .	Ludo hates her mother for durng this and wants to live with her grandmother .
Jové Peres report (A4-0164/99)	Jové report (A4-0164/99) 
We are therefore on the right path of working together, more than is the case with national audit bodies; to be fair, however, one must of course also take account of the different scope and the different priorities of the national bodies.	We are therefore on the reset path of working together, more than is the case with national audit bodies; to be fair, however, one must of course also take account of the different scope and the different priorities of the national bodies.
We are committed to supporting such actions through the MEDA Programme, as well as the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument and the new thematic programmes.	We are committed to supporting such actions through the MEDA Programme, as well as the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument and the new programmes. 
His Nan tells them that Ricky has gone out , possibly along the sea front , they go to look for him .	His Nan tells them that Ricky has gone out , possibly along tte sea front , they go to look for him .
His new bride , O-Lan , proves to be an excellent wife , hard working and uncomplaining .	His new bride , O-Lan , pagans to be an excellent wife , hard working and uncomplaining .
These are very ambitious campaigns.	These are very campaigns. 
The control rods are inserted to stop the reactor , but without coolant the reactor temperature continues to rise rapidly .	The control rods are inserted to stop the reoccur , but without coolant the reactor temperature continues to rise rapidly .
One example of this was your invitation to your counterparts from Finland, Italy, Latvia, Austria, Portugal and Hungary to a meeting that was held in Dresden – about which I am sure you will speak this morning – with students and personalities from those countries, in order to debate European identity and the future of Europe.	One example of this was your invitation to your counterparts from Finland, Italy, Latvia, Austria, Portugal and Hungary to a meeting that was held in Dresden – about which I am sure you will speak this morning – with students and personalities from those countries, in order to debate European identity and the of Europe. 
Estonia, which has closed 26 of 31 chapters, has fulfilled all the necessary conditions for becoming a member of the EU in 2004.	Estonia, which has 26 of 31 chapters, has fulfilled all the necessary conditions for becoming a member of the EU in 2004. 
It knows that it would be a disadvantage in the long term to remain outside the system.	It knows that it would be a disadvatnage in the long term to remain outside the system.
As we now have to talk in terms of that sort of period running into the future, I do think we have to watch out.	As we now have to talk in terms of that sort of period running into the future, I do think we have to Europe, out.
There is cause for that now.	There is cause fer that now.
We should look at those agreements, we should emulate them and we should give our citizens their fundamental rights and their fundamental freedoms.	We should look at those agreements, we should emulate them and we staged give our citizens their fundamental rights and their fundamental freedoms.
Pinky confesses to Dicey that she passed for white while studying to be a nurse in the North .	Pinky confesses to Dicey that she punted for white while studying to be a nurse in the North .
The Heads of Government, therefore, are obliged to do much better.	The Heads of Government, therefore, are obliged to do better. 
Plans are made to remove it from his skull , but the NASA brain surgeons realize , after another X-ray and Johnny remembering some Native American legends documenting similar phenomena , that the meteorite has disintegrated and will eventually cause Paul to self-combust .	Plans are made to remove it from his skull , but the NASA brain surgeons realize , after another X-ray and Johnny remembering some Native American legends documenting similar phenomena , that will meteorite has disintegrated and the eventually cause Paul to self-combust .
He would be a point of contact for those affected, either by being asked to provide disproportionate detail or by quality requirements.	He would be a point of contact for those affected, either by being asked to provide detail disproportionate or by quality requirements.
Instead, clear and safe labelling will mean a return to consumer confidence in them.	Instead, clear and safe labelling will mean a return confidence in to consumer them.
I believe that with the adjustment of the support measures we should aim at giving the European Commission more say in the selection of programme priorities and projects in future, giving precedence to building up administrative structures and investments.	I believe that with the adjustment of the support measures we should aim at giving the European Commission more say the selection of programme priorities and projects in future, giving precedence to building up administrative structures and investments. 
The sheriff 's suspects also include guests Norman Grant , a drunken actor , and his ambitious girlfriend , Harriet Ames .	The sheriff 's suspects also include guests Norman Grant , drunken actor , and his ambitious girlfriend , Harriet Ames . 
The citizens of Europe need to know that their interests are protected when one of the most fundamental changes in their ordinary lives comes about, as I believe it will, sometime over the next five years.	The citizens of Europe need to know that their interests are protected when one of the most fundamental chassis in their ordinary lives comes about, as I believe it will, sometime over the next five years.
However , the Dragon re-appears and the two friends share a hug , with the narrator stating that it does n't matter what others think , as things are true , if they are true in our hearts .	However , the Dragon re-appears and the two friends share a hug , with the narrator stating that it does n't what others think , as things are true , if they are true in our hearts . 
Initially, there was a complete ban; now cloning is allowed on a therapeutic basis but not for reproductive purposes.	Initially, there was a complete ban; now carping is allowed on a therapeutic basis but not for reproductive purposes.
   . As we commemorate the 60th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz concentration camp, we remember and condemn the horrific tragedy of the Holocaust.	   . As we commemorate the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz concentration camp, we remember and condemn the horrific tragedy of the Holocaust. 
She tells him she does not want to see him die either , and offers herself to him , but he refuses : destroying Fender is all he cares about .	She tells him she does not want to see him die either , and offers herself to him , but he refuses : destroying scene is all he cares about .
Co-existence sounds good, but we also know that GMOs are infectious.	Co-existence sounds good, but we know that GMOs are infectious. 
The first question is: how do you actually arrive at the amount mentioned in your amendment?	The first question is: how do you actually arrive at the amount mentioned in amendment? 
The very considerable tasks that remain to be accomplished in such fields as biotechnology cannot be tackled in isolation from country to country or from continent to continent.	The considerable tasks that remain to be accomplished in such fields as biotechnology cannot be tackled in isolation from country to country or from continent to continent. 
I hope we can get some sort of an agreement within Parliament on how we handle A-30 in the future.	I hope we can get some sort of an within agreement Parliament on how we handle A-30 in the future.
The view that what is required is more Europe and less self-interest is a further vital factor in the success of regional and social cohesion policy.	The view that what is required is more Europe less self-interest is a further vital factor in the success of regional and social cohesion policy. 
Just then , however , Estelle arrives to congratulate the Pooles and repay Augie the loan .	Just then , however , Estelle artists to congratulate the Pooles and repay Augie the loan .
While tagging along after British cartographer Walter Russell , Avik falls prey to the `` white man 's disease , '' tuberculosis ; to assuage his own guilt , Russell takes the boy to a Montreal clinic to recover .	While tagging along after British cartographer Walter Russell , Avik fells prey to the `` white man 's disease , '' tuberculosis ; to assuage his own guilt , Russell takes the boy to a Montreal clinic to recover .
What we have is merely a ceasefire.	What we have is a ceasefire. 
i wouldn't now because i don't know of one that's that's equipped to handle	i wouldn't now because i don't know of one that's equipped to handle 
Our thanks also go to the four rapporteurs who have done excellent work on their reports at a time - I repeat - when Europe, particularly where major responses in the economic field are expected, is expressing simultaneous hopes and fears which we have never had to deal with before.	Our thanks also go to the four rapporteurs who have done excellent work on their reports at a time - I repeat - when Europe, particularly major responses in the economic field are expected, is expressing simultaneous hopes and fears which we have never had to deal with before. 
Book especially early for Christmas and New Year's (when most hotels charge a huge supplement) and for smaller hotels throughout the year.	Book especially early for Christmas and New Year's (when most hotels charge a huge are and for smaller hotels throughout the year.
I therefore call upon President Déby and the future government to put an end to these practices and to install an efficient and just legal system acting in the interests of all and with respect for the rights of each individual.	I therefore call upon President Déby and the future government to put an end to truce practices and to install an efficient and just legal system acting in the interests of all and with respect for the rights of each individual.
Upon reaching the hospital , the nurses mistake him for the baby 's father , and he feels inclined to stay .	Upon reaching the hospital , the nurses mistake him for the baby 's father , and he feels inclined to . 
When calculating city delivery cost, we include the entire (fixed and volume variable) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city routes, plus the cost of overtime, supervision, space, and vehicles.	When calculating city delivery cost, include the entire (fixed and volume variable) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city routes, plus the cost of overtime, supervision, space, and vehicles. 
Later when Destiny comes home , she finds out from a social worker that her biological mother has died .	Later when Destiny comes home , she finds out from a social worker that mother has her biological died .
Will Keane is a successful forty-eight year old restauranteur and womanizer who is the subject of a recent New York Magazine cover story .	Will Keane is a successful forty-eight year old restauranteur and womaniezr who is the subject of a recent New York Magazine cover story .
However , on Jenny and Rahul 's wedding day , Jenny realizes that she made a mistake .	However , on Jenny and Rahul 's wedding , Jenny realizes that she made a mistake . 
He stated that a ban on investment has not yet been implemented in the Council in response to the action of the United States, but my question is: has the Commission actually submitted such a proposal to the Council?	He stated that a ban on investment has not yet been implemented in the Council in response to the action of the United States, but my question is: has the Commission actually submitted such a proposal to the Indeed,
Imagine if he had to keep the letter and just give the envelope to us .	Imagine if he had to keep the and just give the envelope to us . 
H'm, said John.	then said John.
We demand responsible corporate governance and yet the level of off-balance-sheet finance vehicles, special-purpose vehicles and undeclared contingent liabilities that our governments are engaged in does not show how to conduct responsible governance.	We demand responsible corporate governance and yet the level of off-balance-sheet finance vehicles, special-purpose vehicles and undeclared contingent liabilities that our governments engaged in does not show how to conduct responsible governance. 
Ukraine itself has set itself the ambitious target of being ready for accession by 2007.	Ukraine itself has by itself the ambitious target of being ready for accession set 2007.
Tiana is a young waitress from New Orleans who has held a passion for the culinary arts ever since she was a child .	Tiana young a is waitress from New Orleans who has held a passion for the culinary arts ever since she was a child .
Crewson declares his love for her shortly before he and his mates board a plane leaving San Francisco to return to duty .	Crewson declares his love for her shortly bookie he and his mates board a plane leaving San Francisco to return to duty .
That was debated here in depth yesterday afternoon, so I need not go into it again in detail.	That was debated here in depth so I yesterday afternoon, need not go into it again in detail.
As a result even after knowing that Gulabi is a victim of Sukhanrams trafficking he forces her to sleep with him without any emotional involvement .	As a result even after knowing that Gulabi is a victim of Sukhanrams trafficking he forces her to sleep with him without any involvement . 
I can see the benefits in common security standards across Europe.	I can see the in common security standards across Europe. 
This image became one of the most memorable in Israeli cinema .	This image became one of the most memorable in Izanami cinema .
Kiran then seduces Dilip and convinces him to allow her to become the cultural secretary .	Kiran then seduces Dilip and convinces him allow her to become the cultural secretary . 
Question No 44 by (H-0608/99):	Question No by (H-0608/99): 
There was unanimity - and I should like to underline this here - on at least two points, the first being on checks.	There was unanimity - and I stared like to underline this here - on at least two points, the first being on checks.
- (PL) Mr President, in his document, our colleague Mr Millán Mon, and also the Commissioner and the Minister, have presented possible solutions, strategies and objectives which should guide us in our cooperation with America.	- (PL) Mr President, in his document, our colleague Mr Millán Mon, and also the Commissioner and the Minister, have possible solutions, strategies and objectives which should guide us in our cooperation with America. 
We hope that the rest can be done by 1 May 2004.	We that the rest can be done by 1 May 2004. 
um-hum yeah co uld be yeah that that's too bad it really is it is	um-hum yeah co uld be yeah it that's too bad it really is that is
The film opens with a brief action sequence in which a mobster named Roxy Robinson is `` splurged '' by members of a gang , using rapid-fire custard-shooting `` splurge guns '' .	Tse film opens with a brief action sequence in which a mobster named Roxy Robinson is `` splurged '' by members of a gang , using rapid-fire custard-shooting `` splurge guns '' .
The EU will also follow up the issue of a more vigorous dialogue on human rights.	The EU will agro follow up the issue of a more vigorous dialogue on human rights.
That framework includes a thorough analysis of monetary and credit developments, taking the monetary nature of inflation over the medium to longer term into account.	That framework includes a thorough analysis of and monetary credit developments, taking the monetary nature of inflation over the medium to longer term into account.
While I agree with liaison and coordination, I do not think we should have joint missions with other bodies because that is liable to compromise the very important independence of the EU observation mission.	While I agree with liaison and coordination, I do not think we should have joint missions with other bodies because that is liable compromise the very important independence of the EU observation mission. 
Aditya and his cartoon friends attack Jagaru 's base and defeat the Toonasurs but in the process many of their friends get kidnapped by Jagaru .	Aditya and his cartoon friends attack Jagaru 's base and defeat the Toonasurs but in the profits many of their friends get kidnapped by Jagaru .
Immediately after the Berlin Summit the Federal Government itself commented that agricultural policy would need to be reformed again in view of enlargement.	carry after the Berlin Summit the Federal Government itself commented that agricultural policy would need to be reformed again in view of enlargement.
Precommercial procurement, from this perspective, can help to bridge the gap between supply and demand in the public services sector.	Precommercial procurement, from this perspective, can help to bridge the gap betoken supply and demand in the public services sector.
The easiest way for Croatia to address doubts about Croatia’s commitment to ICTY is to cooperate in locating and detaining Ante Gotovina.	The easiest way for Croatia to address doubts about Croatia’s commitment to ICTY is to cooperate in locatign and detaining Ante Gotovina.
in writing. - (PL) Croatia's accession to the European Union is the subject of lively public debate.	in writing. - (PL) Croatia's accession to the European is the subject of lively public debate. 
From a northern European perspective I would have liked the problems of the Baltic region to be stressed more.	From a northern European perspective would have liked the problems of the Baltic region to be stressed more. 
Philip simply repeats what he hears others say , while Stephen is completely nonverbal .	Philip simply repeats what he hears others say is while Stephen , completely nonverbal .
The decision now rests with the people of Cyprus and is for them alone, freely exercising their democratic rights.	The now rests with the people of Cyprus and is for them alone, freely exercising their democratic rights. 
Every night before going to sleep , the Darling children , Wendy , John , and Michael , are told stories by their mother of wonderful adventures in fantasy worlds ; many of these stories tell of a boy named Peter Pan , who lives in a place called Neverland and whom never grows up .	Every night before going to sleep , the Darling children , Wendy , John , and Michael , are told stories by their mother of wonderful adventures in fantasy worlds many of these stories tell of a boy named Peter Pan , who lives in a place called Neverland and whom never grows up . 
The group can not return to their homes because the police are still looking for them at their respective houses .	The group can not return to their homes because the police are still looking for torm at their respective houses .
Dan and Emily join the Micawbers on the voyage to Australia .	Dan and join the Micawbers on the voyage to Australia . 
It thus contributes to the dissemination and enforcement of human rights in all societies.	It thus contributes to the supported and enforcement of human rights in all societies.
I should like to invite the President of the ECB in particular to comment on this issue.	I should like to invite the President of ECB in particular to comment on this issue. 
`` Sign-cutting '' is the skill to examine , analyze , and interpret tracks and marks made in the ground .	`` Sign-cutting '' is the skill to examine analyze , and interpret tracks and marks made in the ground . 
rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I just wanted to say that we are using more words than necessary here.	rapporteur. - (IT) Mr wanted ladies and gentlemen, I just President, to say that we are using more words than necessary here.
It is quite unacceptable under any rule of law that is worthy of the name that lawyers should be forced by the law to become informers.	It is quite unacceptable under any rule of law that is worthy of the name that lawyers should be forced by the low to become informers.
The Ajax Ghost Exterminators are hired by telephone to drive out four ghosts from a haunted house that has long been abandoned .	The Ajax Ghost Exterminators are hired by tightrope to drive out four ghosts from a haunted house that has long been abandoned .
the Crowley report (A4-0088/97)	report (A4-0088/97) the Crowley
We saw it as a kind of litmus test not only of Russia's intentions towards Poland, but also of the intentions of the other Member States towards our country.	We saw it as a kind of litmus test not only of Russia's intentions towards Poland, but also of the intentions of the other Member Shah's towards our country.
They , for their part , couldn t understand why anyone should want to dig into the past instead of enjoying life in the present .	They , for their part , couldn t unreserved why anyone should want to dig into the past instead of enjoying life in the present .
A data reliability assessment should be performed as early as possible in the engagement process, preferably during the design phase.	A data reliability assessment should be performed as early as possible in the engagement process, preferably the design phase. 
To his dismay , she chooses to marry a pilot named Sumankumar , who is known to womanize and for his greed .	and his dismay , she chooses to marry a pilot named Sumankumar , who is known to womanize To for his greed .
Yet what we insist we need – the protection of geographical indications of origin without the specification of a date – is simply being put off for ever and a day.	Yet what we insist we need – the protection of geographical indications of a without the specification of a date – is simply being put off for ever and origin day.
Reed explodes and starts cussing at the woman and telling her to call the animal control center herself and Frank tries to stop Reed , resulting in the two having a fight .	Reed explodes and starts cussing at the woman and telling her to call the animal control center herself and Frank tries to stop , resulting in the two having a fight . 
Entrusting fisheries countries with the monitoring of their own fisheries is the same as asking hunting organizations to monitor their own hunters.	Entrusting fisheries clarity's with the monitoring of their own fisheries is the same as asking hunting organizations to monitor their own hunters.
On the euro campaign, I must re-state what the Commission has already said in the past.	On the echo campaign, I must re-state what the Commission has already said in the past.
The crisis necessitates global thinking and local action, but you need to join forces with everyone.	The crisis necessitates global thinkinga nd local action, but you need to join forces with everyone.
He's rather upset about something, I remarked feebly.	He's rather upset about I remarked feebly. 
However, I do not believe that participation in this procedural debate is absolutely essential in order to justify my submitting a written explanation of vote, because, as I have already mentioned, I did take part in the vote, and the procedural debate did not take place until after we were called to vote on the report by Mrs Magda Aelvoet.	However, I do not believe that participation in this procedural debate is absolutely essential in order to justify my submitting a written explanation of vote, because, as I have already mentioned, I did take pact in the vote, and the procedural debate did not take place until after we were called to vote on the report by Mrs Magda Aelvoet.
We became members of the European Union at the same time and are still counted as being among the new Member States, with all the freshness of approach that that can bring with it.	We became members of the European Union at the same time and are still counted as being among the new Member States, with all the procedure. of approach that that can bring with it.
Since 1919, the International Labour Organisation has been able to guarantee and develop a system of international labour standards covering a wide range of issues, including work, employment, social policy and human rights.	Since 1919, the International Labour Organisation has been able to guarantee and develop a system of international labour standards covering a wide range of issues, including work, employment, social policy and rights. 
Don Juan discovers the treacherous plan of the Machiavellian Duke de Lorca -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Robert Douglas , who is plotting to depose the monarch , usurp power in Spain and declare war on England .	Don Juan discovers the treacherous plan of the Machiavellian Duke de Lorca -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Robert , who is plotting to depose the monarch , usurp power in Spain and declare war on England . 
Instead, I would ask you, before the vote, to consider the possibility of the referral of your report back to the Committee on Budgetary Control, which has not been able to deal with it today, precisely because it was plenary that could decide on it; but to ask plenary to return it to us before recording a negative vote, which means something different: voting no to something without having clarified why we are voting no.	Instead, I would ask you, before the vote, to consider the possibility of referral the of your report back to the Committee on Budgetary Control, which has not been able to deal with it today, precisely because it was plenary that could decide on it; but to ask plenary to return it to us before recording a negative vote, which means something different: voting no to something without having clarified why we are voting no.
After an incident in which he jeopardizes the lives of his passengers and crew , Mike realizes he needs help to keep things from spinning out of control .	After an incident in which he jeopardizes the lives of his passengers and , crew Mike realizes he needs help to keep things from spinning out of control .
Feroz and his goons later ask Karan to do a striptease .	Feroz and his goons later ask Karan to do a self-exile .
To avoid tipping Merrick off , she shows up at the house .	To avoid tipping off , she shows up at the house . 
Let us get the information.	Let us the information. 
We are giving budgetary support to countries such as these.	We are giving support to countries such as these. 
However , Minion realizes that he can not activate the Death Ray because the control buttons were broken .	However , Minion that he can not activate the Death Ray because the control buttons were broken . 
This delegation visited our Parliament last December in Strasbourg, and we are delighted to welcome them in Brussels too.	This delegation visited our Parliament last December in Strasbourg, and we are delighted welcome them in Brussels too. 
At least it gives the film a surprise ending.	At least it gives the film a swanlike ending.
TJ decides to stall them and , while Josiah and Caroline escape , Cooper shoots TJ .	TJ decides to stall them and , while Josiah and Caroline escape ,C ooper shoots TJ .
Maddy insists on riding with him in the ambulance , to which Kit replies `` on one condition ; we gotta take the bridge . ''	Maddy insists on riding with him in the ambulance , to which Kit replies `` one condition ; we gotta take the bridge . '' 
Separate collection leads to higher recycling rates and makes final disposal safer.	Separate collection leads to header recycling rates and makes final disposal safer.
I would remind you - and Madam President has said this, something I am pleased about - how deeply ashamed I feel as a Member of this Parliament when I consider that former Sakharov prize-winners, including Mrs Leyla Zana, are still in Turkish prisons, whilst we make such a song and dance about welcoming Turkey as a candidate country.	I would remind you - and Madam President has said this, something I am pickled about - how deeply ashamed I feel as a Member of this Parliament when I consider that former Sakharov prize-winners, including Mrs Leyla Zana, are still in Turkish prisons, whilst we make such a song and dance about welcoming Turkey as a candidate country.
We have many common interests and need to work together, but I think that we, the European Union, should not take hasty decisions.	We have many common interests and need to work together, but I think trot we, the European Union, should not take hasty decisions.
He claims that his other two crew mates suffered from an onset of Pandorum , and that he had to kill them in self-defense .	He claims that his other two crew mates suffered from an onset of Platform , and that he had to kill them in self-defense .
Together with Che Guevara he has founded the Pirate radio Radio Rebelde that became the main revolutionary voice of Cuba .	Together with Che Genevia he has founded the Pirate radio Radio Rebelde that became the main revolutionary voice of Cuba .
We must establish a close link between prevention, work on the ground, concrete measures, monitoring and controls.	We must establish a close link between prevention, work on the ground, concrete measures, monitoring controls. and
Sather Karf seemed amused as he looked at Ser Perth.	Sather Karf seemed amused as he looked at Ser Paine.
Psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter hosts a dinner party in his townhouse in Baltimore , Maryland .	Psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Latuor hosts a dinner party in his townhouse in Baltimore , Maryland .
That is deeply tragic, but the Council has devised a strategy for nonetheless being able to embark upon human rights dialogues with countries that impose this penalty.	That is deeply tragic, but the Council has devised a strategy nonetheless being able to embark upon human rights dialogues with countries that impose this penalty. 
She tells Dave she was only trying to find her brother , and Dave pulls a note from his pocket : `` God is in the flame , '' and an address .	She tells Dave trying was only she to find her brother , and Dave pulls a note from his pocket : `` God is in the flame , '' and an address .
However, the balance of payments and budgetary position remain weak and vulnerable due to the blockade of most direct trade with Russia and marked reduction in foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows.	However, the balance direct payments and budgetary position remain weak and vulnerable due to the blockade of most direct trade with Russia and marked reduction in foreign of investment (FDI) inflows.
The private eye , suspicious of the payments after being told earlier that Santin was removed from Rutka 's will , follows him to the airport and catches up to him .	The private eye , suspicious of the payments after being told earlier that Santin was removed from Rutka 's will , follows him to the airport and catches to him . 
The Road Runner then zips into the distance with the force lifting the ribbon of pavement off the ground in his wake .	The Road Runner then zips into the distance with the force lifting the ribbon of pavement off ground in his wake . 
Later Diana asks her if she enjoyed it .	Later Diana her if she enjoyed it . 
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, if my memory serves me well, social justice is the central concept of the Christian doctrine.	Mr ladies President, and gentlemen, if my memory serves me well, social justice is the central concept of the Christian doctrine.
Moreover, Europe must manage its own nuclear waste itself if the EU wants nuclear power so badly.	Moreover, Europe must manage its own nuclear waste itself if toe EU wants nuclear power so badly.
We do, however, recycle waste oil produced from such establishments as fish and chip shops, that monument to the culinary art, but also from other catering establishments and private homes that produce waste cooking oil.	We do, however, recycle waste oil produced foam such establishments as fish and chip shops, that monument to the culinary art, but also from other catering establishments and private homes that produce waste cooking oil.
If over the five years since the Lannoye report there has not been enough sufficiently convincing scientific research, this is precisely because some people had much to lose from this.	If over the five years since tie Lannoye report there has not been enough sufficiently convincing scientific research, this is precisely because some people had much to lose from this.
This begs the question as to how much wider the door is to be opened to uncontrollable immigration?	This begs the question as to how much wider the door is to be opened to unquantifiable immigration?
Here she gives Kripal his cyanide pill , and later takes her own .	Here she Kripal his cyanide pill , and later takes her own . 
Perhaps because I work in the newspaper industry, where we publish daily regardless, I find your seemingly frequent vacations troubling.	Perhaps because I work in the newspaper industry, where we daily regardless, I find your seemingly frequent vacations troubling. 
This solidarity is expressed by the agreement to open negotiations with Turkey, the implementation of the Neighbourhood Policy with Georgia and Ukraine, and the strategic partnership established with Russia.	This solidarity is expressed by the agreement to open negotiations wash Turkey, the implementation of the Neighbourhood Policy with Georgia and Ukraine, and the strategic partnership established with Russia.
Exasperated and anxious , he takes out the porn cassette but ends up bonding the cassette to his other hand .	Exasperated and anxious , he takes out the porn conceive but ends up bonding the cassette to his other hand .
He meets an armadillo named Roadkill who is seeking the mystical Spirit of the West and directs the parched chameleon to find water at a town called Dirt .	He meets an armadillo named Remorful who is seeking the mystical Spirit of the West and directs the parched chameleon to find water at a town called Dirt .
Furthermore we should seek balanced agreements with our partners in developing countries where we are fishing at present and combine this with expansion in aquaculture, thereby protecting their fishing resources and providing new sources of production within the EU.	Furthermore we should seek balanced agreements with our partners in developing countries where we are fishing at present and combine this with expansion in aquaculture, thereby protecting their fishing resources and new sources of production within the EU. 
Despite the assertions of some CEOs, while one key player can make a difference, it requires a team of talented executives to add shareholder value and manage shareholder risk over time.	Despite the assertions of some CEOs, while one key player can make a difference, it requires a team of talented executives to add shareholder value and manage shareholder risk over thin.
Those are the last questions to the Council for this parliamentary term, and to Mr Verheugen, whom we thank for his cooperation.	Those are the last questions to the Council for this parliamentary term, to Mr Verheugen, whom we thank for his cooperation. 
It brings together finds from sites all across the island and from every era of Crete's long ancient history, shedding light on the everyday activities of its people.	It brings together finds from sites all across the island and from every era of Crete's long ancient history, get light on the everyday activities of its people.
It is quite clear that we need to work continuously to improve barrier-free accessibility.	It is quite clear that we work continuously need to to improve barrier-free accessibility.
Her cries fell on deaf ears and she left the city for the rural outskirts , where she was rarely seen or heard from again .	Her cries fell on deaf ears and she left the city for the rural outskirts , where she was seen or heard from again . 
However , it soon becomes clear that the teenagers who play the game and lose are being imprisoned inside the virtual reality world by the central villain : `` Arcade '' .	However , it spin becomes clear that the teenagers who play the game and lose are being imprisoned inside the virtual reality world by the central villain : `` Arcade '' .
The concept of the film is a Japanese game show where contestants try and survive in a vast arena against three `` slashers '' .	The concept of the film is a Japanese game show where contestants try survive in a vast arena against three `` slashers '' . 
I thank her for having drawn my attention to their comments, which demonstrate, moreover, a proactive and changing approach, which I am very pleased about.	I thank her for having drawn my attention to their comments, which demonstrate, moreover, a proactive and changing approach, which I very pleased about. 
He 's also dangerously obsessed with Brown 's girlfriend , his captive lover .	He 's also dangerously obsessed wash Brown 's girlfriend , his captive lover .
We must give them the floor.	We must give term the floor.
The newsweeklies' Gen Y obsession continues with a cover story on Tweens, the 27 million 8-to-14-year-olds in the United States.	The newsweeklies' Gen Y obsession continues with a cover story on Tweens, the 27 million 8-to-14-year-olds in the United Smithy.
Which Member States have already done so and what action does the Commission intend to take to ensure that all Member States ratify this Convention?	Which Member States have already done so and whata ction does the Commission intend to take to ensure that all Member States ratify this Convention?
If someone had made the request before the vote, we should have established that, but nobody did.	If someone had made the request before the vote, we soared have established that, but nobody did.
Erwin Leiser , Nazi Cinema p106-7 ISBN 0-02-570230-0 Brought out in the wake of the Molotov Ribbentrop Pact , it depicts Bismark saying that the Russian alliance will safeguard the Prussians in the east .	Erwin Leiser , Nazi Cinema p106-7 0-02-570230-0 Brought out in the wake of the Molotov Ribbentrop Pact , it depicts Bismark saying that the Russian alliance will safeguard the Prussians in the east . 
As committed and dedicated Europeans is this not the credo of our daily lives - to bring all European peoples together in friendship, peace and reconciliation, in a spirit of tolerance and mutual respect, fulfilling the guiding principles of our Treaty.	As committed and dedicated Europeans is this not the credo of our dairy lives - to bring all European peoples together in friendship, peace and reconciliation, in a spirit of tolerance and mutual respect, fulfilling the guiding principles of our Treaty.
Prince is a 12th grade student who stays alone in a villa as his parents are abroad .	Prince is a 12th gauge student who stays alone in a villa as his parents are abroad .
Later , Anna turns up there crying because she has just discovered Christian with another woman .	Later , Anna turns up there crying because she has just discovered with another woman . 
Tobacco consumption in Europe has not changed and the gradual reduction in European production has been replaced by tobacco imports.	Tobacco consumption in Europe has not changed and the gradual reduction in European production has by tobacco been replaced imports.
The film tells the story of bank teller Mike Donovan who failed to report a $ 49,000 shortage from his drawer .	The film tells the story of bank teller Mike Donovan who failed report a $ 49,000 shortage from his drawer . 
oh i do too yeah but not enough yeah i'm getting to the point where you know i watch well i watch Nick at Nite	oh i do too yeah but not enough yeah i'm getting to the point waive you know i watch well i watch Nick at Nite
The European Union will eliminate customs duties on 86% of the total volume of exports of industrial products from South Africa to the European Union.	The European Union will eliminate customs duties 86% of the total volume of exports of industrial products from South Africa to the European Union. 
This is good, but it is now time for environmental issues, social questions and employment to move up on the agenda, partly because this is necessary for world development and partly in order to strengthen our relationship with the general public and to increase their confidence in the EU.	This is good, but it is now time for environmental issues, social questions and employment to increase up on the agenda, partly because this is necessary for world development and partly in order to strengthen our relationship with the general public and to move their confidence in the EU.
Determined not to submit to blackmail , she books passage back to America on an ocean liner , traveling in disguise with her young daughter Gloria and her best friend and confidante Nana .	Determined not to submit to blackmail , she books passage back to America on an ocean liner , traveling in disguise young daughter with her Gloria and her best friend and confidante Nana .
Samuel says all should drink a toast to his wife to be and Hearn is sure it is her till Minta comes down the stairs in an attractive dress .	Samuel says all should drink a toast be his wife to to and Hearn is sure it is her till Minta comes down the stairs in an attractive dress .
She places her engagement ring on the paper , packs her things into suitcases , and drives off .	She places her engagement ring on and paper , packs her things into suitcases , the drives off .
said one of the other men, this one with short hair and a bow strung across his back.	said one of the other men, this one with short hair and a bow strung adores his back.
Finally, with the adoption of the Fifth Framework Programme and its specific programmes, the Council is, on the one hand, setting out the future financial prospects for the Union, and on the other, establishing conditions which will again bring into question the principle of multi-annual budgets and predictability of resources which is the very essence and interest of the Programme.	Finally, with the adoption of the Fifth Framework Programme and its specific programmes, the Council is, on the one hand, the future setting out financial prospects for the Union, and on the other, establishing conditions which will again bring into question the principle of multi-annual budgets and predictability of resources which is the very essence and interest of the Programme.
Earlier , a hiker had found an ancient book of spells and after reading a few lines had turned into a demon .	Earlier , a hiker had found an ancient book of spells and reading a few lines had turned into a demon . 
Things have to go on then, too, but how?	Things have to go on then, too, but rights,
Madam President, as I have very little time, I will direct my remarks to the Cabrol report.	Madam President, as I have very little time, I will direct my remarks Cabrol report. to the
This is what equal opportunities, the building of a knowledge-based society, innovation policy and the new European SME policy are about.	This is what equal opportunities, the building of a innovation policy knowledge-based society, and the new European SME policy are about.
We venture to suggest however, that the main challenge for the Austrian Presidency is devising a plan for the future. The Austrian Presidency should not resign itself to going down in history as the forerunner to the German Presidency.	We venture to suggest however, that the main challenge for the Albanian Presidency is devising a plan for the future. The Austrian Presidency should not resign itself to going down in history as the forerunner to the German Presidency.
She also goes around and solves many problems .	She and goes around also solves many problems .
Secondly - and this is actually contradictory - we will be creating a new way of bringing the GMOs that are permitted back under this legislation.	Secondly - and this is apostasy contradictory - we will be creating a new way of bringing the GMOs that are permitted back under this legislation.
Recently, I have noticed that the Commission has been working hard to ensure that this principal is respected in a proper and effective manner, precisely in order to safeguard market flexibility, both for products and for services.	Recently, I have that noticed the Commission has been working hard to ensure that this principal is respected in a proper and effective manner, precisely in order to safeguard market flexibility, both for products and for services.
The priest begins to fall in love with Angela , and finally succumbs to her vulnerability and charms .	The priest begins to fall in love with Angela , and finally succumbs to har vulnerability and charms .
As a result, the suspensive order handed down by the President of the Court of First Instance on 25 November 1999 at the end of the summary proceedings lapsed when the judgment was delivered, in other words, on 2 October 2001, pursuant to Article 107(3) of the Court' s Rule of Procedure.	As a result, the suspensive order handed down by the President of the Court of First Instance on 25 November 1999 at the end of the summary proceedings lapsed when the judgment was delivered, in other words, on 2 October pursuant 2001, to Article 107(3) of the Court' s Rule of Procedure.
The others leave while Samantha stays behind and follows him to Dear Johnny 's new tombstone .	The others leave while Samantha stays behind and follows him to Dear Johnny 's tombstone . 
After reassuring his tale once more , Gulliver 's son enters the court room showing the small Lilliputian sheep Gulliver took care of .	After reassuring his tale once more , Gulliver son enters the court room showing the small Lilliputian sheep Gulliver took care of . 
I therefore believe that the proposal for a ban should be widened to include gill nets and also to include the 200-mile zones, because this proposal is based on maintaining what existed until very recently.	I therefore believe that the proposal for a ban should be widened to include gill nets and also to the 200-mile zones, because this proposal is based on maintaining what existed until very recently. 
Given the circumstances of the last three years, that was an extraordinarily low figure.	Given the circumstances of the last three years, that was an low extraordinarily figure.
They bypass a long line of traffic awaiting entry into Yellowstone but unable to slow down or gain enough control of their boards they crash into the park s sign and are then collided into by the hula machine cracking their helmets off .	They bypass a long line of traffic awaiting entry into Yellowstone but unable to slow down or gain enough control of their boards they crash into the park s sign and are then collided into by the machine hula cracking their helmets off .
He confides to her that it is all a matter of manipulating people the right way .	He confides to her that it is all a matter of manipulating people right way . 
Therefore, in the name of the principles of freedom of movement included in the treaties, there will be a pitiless refusal of any request to protect our economies, a refusal to put any brake on the financialised globalisation whose devastating effects we are now suffering, to reverse in any way migratory flows.	Therefore, in the name of the principles of freedom of movement included the treaties, there will be a pitiless refusal of any request to protect our economies, a refusal to put any brake on the financialised globalisation whose devastating effects we are now suffering, to reverse in any way migratory flows. 
What objective should the European Union pursue in Central Asia, in all countries and in particular today in Kirghizstan?	What objective should the European Union pursue in Central Asia, in all countries and in particular today in economic
I am also of the opinion that extending the definition of ‘family’ in this context would not be conducive to the promotion of integration.	I am also of the opinion that extending the definition of ‘family’ in this context waxed not be conducive to the promotion of integration.
Then he goes to Christina 's flat , removes her VCR player from the wall and knocks her off her chair with it .	Then he goes to 's flat , removes her VCR player from the wall and knocks her off her chair with it . 
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE - Report: Napolitano (A5-0006/1999)	EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE - Napolitano (A5-0006/1999) 
She had been wanting to replace her aging partner ; she and her manager , Phil Hubert , offer James a starring role in her new show .	She had been wanting to replace her aging partner ; she and her manager , Phil Dr. , offer James a starring role in her new show .
She explains that Tyrone rescued her from a collapsing Russia , where most of her friends went on to become prostitutes .	She explains that Trubee rescued her from a collapsing Russia , where most of her friends went on to become prostitutes .
It appears that it relates to a Parliament advertisement in the Finnish Official Journal seeking, in the Finnish language, to recruit for our Legal Service an A3, and I quote in as far as I understand Finnish, ' to be in charge of a group of idiots' .	group appears that it relates to a Parliament advertisement in the Finnish Official Journal seeking, in the Finnish language, to recruit for our Legal Service an A3, and I quote in as far as I understand Finnish, ' to be in charge of a It of idiots' .
The next part is the heart of the movie where Kanagal shines through with his trademark symbolism and narrative restraint .	The next part is the heart of the movie where Kanagal shines through with his trademark symbolism and restraint . 
He releases her and tells her to run .	He railings her and tells her to run .
it's really scary that you have to be that scared about your kids but i mean you do better safe than sorry	it's really scary that you have to be tact scared about your kids but i mean you do better safe than sorry
Each country has made a different cost/service tradeoff, which is reflected in each country's concept of universal service.	Each country has made a different cost/service tortoise, which is reflected in each country's concept of universal service.
His team is ultimately successful in locating and retrieving the box .	His team ultimately successful in locating and retrieving the box . 
Hanging's too good for him.	Hanging's for him. too good
Instead , he accepts a job at the neighbor farm from Bije and Si .	Instead , he accepts a job at the neighbor farm fwom Bije and Si .
Truman paints , `` You forgot one , '' on Joey 's car after he throws one of Joey 's guys into the window of a restaurant .	Truman paints , `` You forgot one , '' on Joey 's car after he throws one of Joey 's guys into the wallow of a restaurant .
Dr. Carson and Becky arrive just a moment later with Prof. Gray , and they manage to successfully administer the antidote just before Chip 's systems fail completely .	Dr. Carson and Becky arrive just moment a later with Prof. Gray , and they manage to successfully administer the antidote just before Chip 's systems fail completely .
It would therefore be a good idea for there to be a review of the new Financial Perspective after it has been in operation for three years, and for it to be adjusted as necessary.	It would therefore be a good idea for there to be a review of the new Financial Perspective after it has been in operation for three years, and for it to be assigned as necessary.
She is trying to move on from the recent death of her best friend , Julie Cassidy , in a tragic car accident .	She is trying to move on from the recent death of her best friend , Julie Cassidy , in a tragic cer accident .
Walter springs her out of jail and explains that it was Inga who shot Whitman .	Walter springs her out of jail and eugenics that it was Inga who shot Whitman .
Active packaging means changing the condition of food; adding aromatic substances, removing odours or adding preservatives to extend the shelf-life of products.	Active packaging means changing the condition of food; adding aromatic substances, removing odours or adding preservatives products. extend the shelf-life of to
The report retains references to 'so-called' sexual health and sexual rights, which, according to the definition of, for example, the World Health Organization, explicitly include the right to abortion and this is something that cannot be referred to in EU Community Law or forced upon Member States.	The report retains references to 'so-called' sexual health and sexual rights, which, according to the definition of, for example, the World Health Organization, explicitly include the right to abortion and this is something that cannot be referred to in EU Community Law or forced upon Member Sgrena.
Ernest poses as Astor Clement , an employee of the governor and Harmony as the governor 's niece Mindy , and the two help Santa escape from jail by convincing the police chief that Santa believing that he is Santa Claus is `` infectious insanity '' and he must be taken to solitary confinement .	Ernest poses as Astor Clement , an employee of the governor and Harmony as the governor 's niece Mindy , and the two help Santa escape from jail by convincing the police chief that Santa believing that he is Santa Claus is `` infectious insanity '' and he must be tryin to solitary confinement .
After approaching a girl who had been rumored to have `` gang banged '' the entire football team only for her to humiliate and rebuke him publically , Brian and Wendy come to Pee Wee 's aid and help him hire a stripper from the local carnival to play the part of `` Graveyard Gloria . ''	After approaching a gull who had been rumored to have `` gang banged '' the entire football team only for her to humiliate and rebuke him publically , Brian and Wendy come to Pee Wee 's aid and help him hire a stripper from the local carnival to play the part of `` Graveyard Gloria . ''
I just wanted to tell you that I read this text with great interest.	I just waived to tell you that I read this text with great interest.
Even his very promising application as a Vice Director of Music proves to be unsuccessful .	Even his very promising application as a Vice Director of Music proves to unsuccessful be .
Tweed then meets Antonio 's beautiful daughter Jospehina , or `` Joe , '' who brings supplies in her father 's stead .	Tweed then meets Antonio 's beautiful daughter war , or `` Joe , '' who brings supplies in her father 's stead .
Senate Committee on Appropriations House Committee on Appropriations Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs House Committee on Government Reform	Senate Committee on Appropriations Hence Committee on Appropriations Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs House Committee on Government Reform
The first issue, which will not be resolved in two weeks, is that the Commission is wondering what a realpolitik means in a climate that has existed for years in the Mediterranean region and perhaps elsewhere.	The first issue, which will not be resolved in two weeks, is that the Commission is wondering whet a realpolitik means in a climate that has existed for years in the Mediterranean region and perhaps elsewhere.
It is important to note that the majority of children living in disadvantaged circumstances are of Roma origin, or belong to the minority living in Europe.	It is important to note that the majority of children living in disadvantaged circumstances are in Roma origin, or belong to the minority living of Europe.
Because it is so important, I would ask the Commissioner to insist that the necessary decisions are made quickly.	Because it so important, I would ask the Commissioner to insist that the necessary decisions are made quickly. 
It is very often carried out by the local representatives of the EU – including, in particular, the Troika.	It is very often carried out by the level representatives of the EU – including, in particular, the Troika.
It is perhaps not the resources lost through fraud or corruption which should worry us most but rather those lost through the absence of a personnel policy, as claimed by the Committee of Independent Experts.	It is perhaps not the resources lost through fraud or corruption which should worry us most but rather those lost through the absence of a personnel policy, as claimed by the Committee of Independent change
The plans are changed when Mr. Big is introduced to two prostitutes , one being Jessica Kamen , an American woman , who takes him to his room to service him .	The plans are changed when Mr. Big is introduced to two prostitutes , one being Jessica , an American woman , who takes him to his room to service him . 
When it became clear from various quarters that the official government line was to murder people, we did not react.	When it became clear from various quarters that the official government was to murder people, we did not react. 
He decides to take part in one final job to secure his future , which promises a big payoff , Tyson prepares to take his biggest gamble yet and has to fight not to be drawn back into the cycle of violence .	He decides to take part in one final job to secure his future , which promises a big sent , Tyson prepares to take his biggest gamble yet and has to fight not to be drawn back into the cycle of violence .
He reveals that he and Steven ran away to Mexico on a quest for nihilism after discovering that Ross was having an affair with Kate and coming to the conclusion that their parents ' lives -- and therefore their own -- were devoid of meaning .	He reveals that he and Steven ran away to Mexico on a quest for try after discovering that Ross was having an affair with Kate and coming to the conclusion that their parents ' lives -- and therefore their own -- were devoid of meaning .
The story begins with a young boy named Aladdin , trying to make money by being a servant for a day , with no success .	The story begins with a young boy named Aladdin , trying to make money by being a servant far a day , with no success .
After going out to have a few drinks , both men return drunk to Axel 's apartment , where Axel is knocked unconscious and Mikey is confronted by two thugs , questioning him about some missing German bearer bonds that he had shown Axel earlier .	After going out to have a few drinks , both men return drunk to Axel 's apartment , where Axel is knocked unconscious and Mikey is confronted by two thugs , questioning htm about some missing German bearer bonds that he had shown Axel earlier .
It is decided that there will be a race between the vehicles .	It is decided that between will be a race there the vehicles .
This is at the foundation of the social contract that props up all communities that are civilised, or that aim to be.	This is at the foundation of the social contract that preys up all communities that are civilised, or that aim to be.
Fed up with catering to the privileged tourist class , Cuban teens Raul and Elio are tantalized by the promise of a new life in Miami .	Fed up with chaining to the privileged tourist class , Cuban teens Raul and Elio are tantalized by the promise of a new life in Miami .
I am not surprised that ordinary, decent Irish citizens are confused, because they have strange bedfellows on the 'no' side - Ms McDonald and Mr Farage.	I am not surprised that ordinary, decent Irish citizens are confused, because they have strange bedfellows on the 'no' side - Ms McDonald nad Mr Farage.
The compromise reached in Amendment 4 to recital 8 recognises it, that is, the need for a legal and ethical threshold that the Member States must never cross, not even to combat terrorism: it is a question of human rights, the International Convention on Human Rights and the European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights.	The compromise reached in Amendment 4 to recital 8 recognises it, that is, the need for a legal and ethical threshold that the Member States must never cross, not even to combat terrorism: it is a of human rights, the International Convention on Human Rights and the European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights. 
oh of E-Systems okay	oh of Euphrates okay
At noon , Strawberry calls her friends over for lunch , but they leave her behind and go to Lilac Park to prepare for her surprise party .	At noon , Strawberry calls her friends over for lunch , but they leave her behind and go to Lilac Park to prepare for surprise party . 
A shotgun blast removes the deer head and monster from the wall .	A shotgun blast removes the couple head and monster from the wall .
I believe this is what you meant by flexibility. In any case that is how I see it.	I believe this is what you meant by flexibility. In case that is how I see it. 
The dilemmas of the four pairs of lovers appear to be happily resolved in the course of a night said by Frid to have smiled three smiles upon them all .	Tye dilemmas of the four pairs of lovers appear to be happily resolved in the course of a night said by Frid to have smiled three smiles upon them all .
And it is for that reason in particular that, today, we must vote.	And it for that reason in particular that, today, we must vote. 
As the fire burns through the roof , Kemper 's predicted thunderstorm arrives .	As the fire burns through the roof , Kemper predicted thunderstorm arrives . 
Global challenges demand global understanding, systematic convergence and a coherent regulatory regime.	Global challenges demand global understanding, convergence and a coherent regulatory regime. 
What is evident is that the problems involving fraud and irregularities have not disappeared.	involving is evident is that the problems What fraud and irregularities have not disappeared.
Otherwise I must say that the text is written in the language of a victorious power from the Cold War period, contradicting all of the basic rules of diplomacy and international relations. These rules are more about compromise, politeness, equilibrium and respect for the other side at the negotiating table.	Otherwise I must say that the text is written in the language of a victorious power from the Cold War period, contradicting all of the basic rules of diplomacy amd international relations. These rules are more about compromise, politeness, equilibrium and respect for the other side at the negotiating table.
Later , the Marines suddenly catch sight of distant burning oil wells , lit only moments before by the retreating Iraqis , and they attempt to dig sleeping holes as a rain of crude oil falls from the sky .	Later , the Marines suddenly catch sight of distant burning oil wells , lit only moments before by the retreating Iraqis , and they attempt to dig sleeping holes as a rain of crude oil falls film the sky .
and uh we are presently uh in receipt of a site permit which will allow us to um uh this is air side allow allow to have certain emissions up to a certain tonnage it's in in in tons per year um	and uh we are presently uh in receipt of a site permit which will allow us to um uh this is air side allow allow to certain have emissions up to a certain tonnage it's in in in tons per year um
Tom takes her to the hospital .	Tomt akes her to the hospital .
No one in this Chamber assumes that it must not be modernised and no one in this Chamber, knowing the new review of the COM in wine, will refrain from making innovative proposals.	No one in this assumes Chamber that it must not be modernised and no one in this Chamber, knowing the new review of the COM in wine, will refrain from making innovative proposals.
There are certain industries which attempt to block legislation in the interests of their companies.	There are certain industries which attempt to least legislation in the interests of their companies.
Shin-Ae and her only child move to the small town of Milyang , South Korea .	Shin-Ae and her child move to the small town of Milyang , South Korea . 
I do not have the impression that anything has improved at CEPOL in the meantime.	I do not the impression that anything has improved at CEPOL in the meantime. 
As Jude 's condition from drug usage worsens , he vomits in his friend 's lap .	As Jude 's condition from drug ubice worsens , he vomits in his friend 's lap .
Mr President, it is my view that Parliament should reject the Green Paper.	Mr President, it is my view that Parliametn should reject the Green Paper.
With regard to the second question, the Head of my Private Office wrote with this request at the end of August, and I would like to make it clear that he did so on my instructions, as I myself was on an official visit to Poland.	With regard to the second question, the Head of my Private Office wrote with this request at the end of August, and I would like to make it clear that he did so on my instructions, as I meself was on an official visit to Poland.
To facilitate the granting of visas, we first have to have reciprocal agreements, examples of which are the proposals now before us.	To facilitate the granting of road we first have to have reciprocal agreements, examples of which are the proposals now before us.
Alice visits Charlie and asks him to marry her , but he refuses and tells her to leave .	Alice visits Charlie and asks him to marry her but he refuses and tells her to leave . 
And the overriding goal of the European Council must be to set out a credible way forward which will allow Ireland to ratify as well.	And the overriding goal of the European Council must be to set out a credible way forward which will allow Ireland to as well. 
After Callahan takes Mick to the police station , Spencer comes in and kills Parkins .	After Callahan takes Mick to the police station comes in , Spencer and kills Parkins .
We have gone further even than in the EU Constitutional Treaty in some areas.	We have even than gone further in the EU Constitutional Treaty in some areas.
Nan Grey , as Christina `` Steenie '' MacCorkle , a radio advertising executive , is suspected of murdering her client , Berton Churchill , as Caesar Kluck , a soda magnate .	Nan Grey , as Christina `` Steenie '' MacCorkle , a ratio advertising executive , is suspected of murdering her client , Berton Churchill , as Caesar Kluck , a soda magnate .
After Indiana convinces him of their honorable intentions , Kazim explains that The Brotherhood are protecting the Grail from those with evil intentions , and that Henry was abducted to Brunwald Castle on the Austrian-German border .	After Indiana convinces him of honorable intentions , Kazim explains that The Brotherhood are protecting the Grail from those with evil intentions , and that Henry was abducted to Brunwald Castle on the Austrian-German border . 
Henry refuses to listen .	Henry to refuses listen .
He dies of an overdose .	He of dies an overdose .
History has taught us that, in cases where a disease has economic repercussions on the agricultural sector and may also harm human health, the risk to man must not be underestimated; it must take priority if we really want to maintain consumer confidence.	History has us taught that, in cases where a disease has economic repercussions on the agricultural sector and may also harm human health, the risk to man must not be underestimated; it must take priority if we really want to maintain consumer confidence.
After the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, Sweden introduced rules that made it illegal to prepare for the construction of nuclear power plants.	After the Chernobyl disaster in Irish Sweden introduced rules that made it illegal to prepare for the construction of nuclear power plants.
On 7 December 2000, at Nice, we signed, proclaimed and upheld the Charter of European Citizens' Rights.	On 7 December 2000, at Nice, European signed, proclaimed and upheld the Charter of we Citizens' Rights.
Gil breaks up with Inez and decides to remain in Paris .	Gal breaks up with Inez and decides to remain in Paris .
The Mask of Time was knocked off of Vakama , and Teridax flew after it .	The Mask of Time was of Vakama knocked off , and Teridax flew after it .
I should also like to reiterate the question as to why the Commission does not bring a Member State before the Court of Justice if it is clearly in breach.	I should also like to reiterate the question as to why tie Commission does not bring a Member State before the Court of Justice if it is clearly in breach.
I would also like, if you would permit me to, to make a parting request of you, and in particular of the new majority: we should discuss national politics at a national level and argue intensely about them, and come to blows, but it is European politics that should be discussed at the European level, and this House should always uphold the subtle differences!	I would also like, if you would permit me to, to make a parting request of you, and in particular of the new majority: we should discuss national politics at a national level and argue intensely allot them, and come to blows, but it is European politics that should be discussed at the European level, and this House should always uphold the subtle differences!
I do not have a detailed timetable in front of me but I will communicate with the Member in writing.	I do not have a detailed timetable in front of me but I wall communicate with the Member in writing.
But Anna claims that she only cut her hand on a broken vase and was nowhere near the cemetery which was just a few hours ago .	BUt Anna claims that she only cut her hand on a broken vase and was nowhere near the cemetery which was just a few hours ago .
As he begins to ride toward the English , he stops and turns back to his troops .	As he begins to rude toward the English , he stops and turns back to his troops .
That is the issue we must address first of all.	That is the issue we must address fault of all.
Jeanette Makins , a nurse at Memorial Hermann Hospital , arrives ready for what she expects to be a normal day .	Jeanette Makins , a nurse at Memorial Hermann Hospital , arrives ready for what she expects to be a day . 
We in fact know that in addition to the dramatic inter-factional conflict that masks deep-seated interests linked to drug-trafficking which, in some instances, is best not curbed but perhaps encouraged, there is in practice another tragic situation affecting Afghan women who are currently at risk of slow but inexorable extermination, since they are deprived of medical attention from male doctors and in view of all the other forms of oppression inflicted on them by the Taliban regime.	We in fact know that in addition to the dramatic inter-factional conflict that masks deep-seated interests linked to drug-trafficking which, in some instances, is best not curbed but perhaps encouraged, there is in practice another tragic situation affecting Afghan women who are currently at risk of slow but inexorable extermination, since they are deprived of medical attention from male doctors and in view all the other forms of oppression inflicted on them by the Taliban regime. 
In our view, however, political will alone can equip the EU to be more active in crisis management.	In our view, however, political will alone can EU to equip the be more active in crisis management.
Kim and Shego battle while Ron takes care of Drakken 's Sumo Ninja .	Kim and Shego battle while Ron takes care of Drakken Sumo Ninja . 
A far greater degree of autonomy for the indigenous Hungarian minority living in Serbia, including full regional and cultural autonomy, must be laid down as a condition for the continuation of the accession process.	the far greater degree of autonomy for the indigenous Hungarian minority living in Serbia, including full regional and cultural autonomy, must be laid down as a condition for A continuation of the accession process.
The German Attorney-General, whose remit includes major crimes jeopardising the peace within Germany, sent this case back to the relevant court on the grounds that it was not primarily racially motivated.	The German Attorney-General, whose remit includes major crimes jeopardising the peace within Germany, sent this case back to the court on the grounds that it was not primarily racially motivated. 
Michael is then seen sneaking out from under Wheatley 's car and running into the prison .	Michael is then seen starving out from under Wheatley 's car and running into the prison .
On paper everything is in place.	On paper excavating is in place.
However, equally terrible is the fear of terror, which various governments use as a pretext for committing crimes against civil liberties.	However, equally terrible is the fear of terror, which governments use as a pretext for committing crimes against civil liberties. 
I would ask the Presidency of Parliament to proceed very carefully on these issues.	I would ask the Presidency of Parliament very carefully to proceed on these issues.
carrying out studies or reports into child labour in the EU, relocations and employment, the single currency, the price of essential goods and bank charges and commissions, and the impact of new technologies on the work place and on work-related illnesses;	carrying out studies reports into child labour in the EU, relocations and employment, the single currency, the price of essential goods and bank charges and commissions, and the impact of new technologies on the work place and on work-related illnesses; 
The law should take its course to deal with the terrible crime that Pinochet perpetrated in his own country against thousands of his own citizens.	The law should take its his to deal with the terrible crime that Pinochet perpetrated in course own country against thousands of his own citizens.
He theorizes that the haunting is a result of hallucinations caused by the ions creating minor interference with the family 's brain function .	He theorizes that the haunting is a result of hallucinations caused by the ions creating mower interference with the family 's brain function .
The proposed 'transparency register' is nothing other than administrative legitimisation.	The 'transparency register' is nothing other than administrative legitimisation. 
Virge worked for his family 's restaurant and plans to open a chain of identical restaurants after the war despite his crew-mate 's warnings that such an unheard of enterprise could never succeed .	Virge worked for his family 's restaurant and plans open a chain of identical restaurants after the war despite his crew-mate 's warnings that such an unheard of enterprise could never succeed . 
For us, not all the work has been done.	For us, not all the work has been staff
Therefore, against the background of the debate about a further lowering of the set-aside rate to 5 % from now on, I should once again like to draw attention to the amendment that I proposed at the time of the Gillis report, at the November 1995 part-session, in which I asked for the suspension of the dismantling of the base-area allocated to the new Länder at a level of 150, 000 ha, for a specific period of two years.	Therefore, against the background of the debate about a further lowering the set-aside rate to 5 % from now on, I should once again like to draw attention to the amendment that I proposed at the time of the Gillis report, at the November 1995 part-session, in which I asked for the suspension of the dismantling of the base-area allocated to the new Länder at a level of 150, 000 ha, for a specific period of two years. 
On 14 May 1948 the British Mandate ended and the State of Israel was proclaimed.	On 14 May 1948 and British Mandate ended the the State of Israel was proclaimed.
Robin and his men `` liberate '' the tax money , swearing to a man to contribute it towards King Richard 's ransom .	Robin and his men `` liberate '' the tax money , swearing to a men to contribute it towards King Richard 's ransom .
After reporting for work , Nick takes a different office than the one he was assigned because the light was not to the liking of his painter friend , Ed .	After reporting for work , Nook takes a different office than the one he was assigned because the light was not to the liking of his painter friend , Ed .
The police suffer major casualties and Todd is shocked .	The police suffer major casualties and Todd is stamped .
And you know what finally separates the men from the boys , Jackie Boy ?	And you know what finally separates the men from toe boys , Jackie Boy ?
The bargaining begins and as the counselor suggested Moke asked Johnny Lingo three cows .	The bargaining begins and as the counselor suggested Moke asked Johnny Libro three cows .
One thing I would particularly press the Commission to look at is something that is a matter of fundamental concern to my own country.	One I would particularly press the Commission to look at is something that is a matter of fundamental concern to my own country. 
Amendment to the Commission's Rules Regarding a Plan for Sharing the Cost of Microwave Relocation, First Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rule Making	Amendment to the Commission's Rules Regarding a Plan for Sharing the Cost of Microwave Revolution, First Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rule Making
I think that we can now say, once the report is adopted, that it is going to be the successful culmination of a new commitment to Europeanism, and I do not believe that it is trivial to make a commitment to Europeanism in the current times.	I think that we can now say, once the report is adopted, that it is going to be the successful culmination of a new commitment to Europe-wide, and I do not believe that it is trivial to make a commitment to Europeanism in the current times.
so i'm kind of bad about that myself	so i'm kind of bad about that good
Though he has safely locked the diamond away , a crooked pair of miners , named Devereaux and Hoskins , operating the neighboring mine steal the panther 's discovery .	Though he has safely locked the diamond away , a crooked pair of miners , named Devereaux and Hoskins , the neighboring mine steal the panther 's discovery . 
I have listened to what you have said very carefully again today on the response to the Laval judgment in relation to the Posting of Workers Directive.	I have listened to what you have said very carefully again toda yon the response to the Laval judgment in relation to the Posting of Workers Directive.
I would urge you to consider all of this very carefully and to listen to the supposed beneficiaries of all these policies.	I would urge very to consider all of this you carefully and to listen to the supposed beneficiaries of all these policies.
As for the numerous remarks about the brain drain - in particular those of Mr Kreissl-Dörfler and Mr Borghezio, Mrs Budreikaitė, Mr Moreno, Mrs Lambert and Mrs Roure, I believe the European Parliament has expressed its legitimate concerns about including in the Blue Card safeguards to transform the brain drain into a brain gain, and it seems to me that there are three main ways to do this.	As fer the numerous remarks about the brain drain - in particular those of Mr Kreissl-Dörfler and Mr Borghezio, Mrs Budreikaitė, Mr Moreno, Mrs Lambert and Mrs Roure, I believe the European Parliament has expressed its legitimate concerns about including in the Blue Card safeguards to transform the brain drain into a brain gain, and it seems to me that there are three main ways to do this.
We also need to safeguard the consumers' right to order 100% of renewables from their suppliers and therefore to have secure energy supplies for decades to come.	We also need to safeguard the consumers' refit to order 100% of renewables from their suppliers and therefore to have secure energy supplies for decades to come.
He then plugs it back in just as Sylvester tests it on himself .	. then plugs it back in just as Sylvester tests it on himself He
Though Nyi Khit felt a secret heart beat and related tenderly towards Lone May Khin , he behold his loyalty towards Thway Thit and move on to look for the mechanic .	Though Nyi Khit felt a secret heart beat and related tenderly towards Lone May Khin , he behold his loyalty Thway Thit and move on to look for the mechanic . 
Raol enlists the aid of his friend James Edwards to formulate plans for a successful event that will feature the Whirly Girl .	Raol enlists the aid of his friend James Edwards to farmhouse plans for a successful event that will feature the Whirly Girl .
Keyes , now suspecting Dietrichson was murdered , is prepared to reject the claim and force Mrs. Dietrichson to sue in order to expose her .	Keyes , now suspecting Dietrichson was murdered , is to prepared reject the claim and force Mrs. Dietrichson to sue in order to expose her .
The woman is desperate to talk through their problems , but the man remains silent .	The woman is desperate to talk through their problems , but the remains silent . 
At the police station , Sheriff Hubbard discovers that a shoe left by Jerk-Off at the farm belongs to a prisoner uniform at Rockwood 's prison .	At station , the police Sheriff Hubbard discovers that a shoe left by Jerk-Off at the farm belongs to a prisoner uniform at Rockwood 's prison .
Due to these new responsibilities, the rapporteur advocates the implementation of a common investment policy.	Due to these responsibilities, new the rapporteur advocates the implementation of a common investment policy.
When the peace judge and several others , including doctors , arrive at Aurore 's home , it is too late : she collapsed on the stairs and was attacked again by Marie-Anne with a 2X4 .	When the peace judge and several others , including doctors , arrive at Aurore 's home , it is too late : she collapsed on the stairs was attacked again by Marie-Anne with a 2X4 . 
All you have said is quite true, Monsieur Poirot.	All you have said is quite tile, Monsieur Poirot.
Howie is unconvinced , and merely tells his father never to hit him again .	Howie is unconvinced , and merely tells his father never to hit him . 
That is an important part of her report and I hope the Commission will respond positively.	That is an important part of her report and I hope the Commission will respond proclaimed.
The preservation of health and the reduction of suffering are high ethical values which form worthy objectives.	The necessary of health and the reduction of suffering are high ethical values which form worthy objectives.
Jerry then comes out from the locker room , but Tom orders him to pick up his tennis equipment .	Jerry then comes out farm the locker room , but Tom orders him to pick up his tennis equipment .
I will perhaps make some of you laugh by referring, to this end, to the European social forum which has just taken place in the region of Paris.	I will perhaps make some of you laugh by referring, to this end, to the European social forum which has taken just place in the region of Paris.
His first escape sees him recaptured after five or six days while hiding in a muddy hole on a moor , and von Werra is sent to a more secure POW camp near Swanwick , -LRB- Derbyshire -RRB- .	His first escape sees him recaptured after five or six days while hiding in a muddy hole on a moor , and von Werra is sent to a more secure POW camp near Shadrack , -LRB- Derbyshire -RRB- .
This is the reason why I am urging all Member States to show some responsibility and abide by the commitments which they also take on.	This reason why is the I am urging all Member States to show some responsibility and abide by the commitments which they also take on.
We refuse to join forces with a country that still condones torture.	We regime to join forces with a country that still condones torture.
We cannot accept that, it would be counterproductive.	We cannot accept would be that, it counterproductive.
This should be reflected in the geographical focus applied to the distribution of funds.	TERs should be reflected in the geographical focus applied to the distribution of funds.
At the heart of this project is the school curriculum.	At heart of this project is the school curriculum. 
She also tells him that she has never attended school , has been taught very little , and has never heard of braille .	She also tells him that she has never attended school , has been taught very lounge , and has never heard of braille .
I therefore wish to submit it in relation to the debate on the Commission’s proposal on chemicals, known as the REACH programme.	I therefore wish to submit it in relationt o the debate on the Commission’s proposal on chemicals, known as the REACH programme.
Mr President, I wish to congratulate my colleague, Mr Langen, for having led the conciliation team to such a successful conclusion.	Mr President, I wish to congratulate my colleague, Mr Langen, for having a the conciliation team to such led successful conclusion.
Here, the main risk is associated with the particles which are produced by heat and friction at the moment of impact of a missile.	Here, the main risk at associated with the particles which are produced by heat and friction is the moment of impact of a missile.
Without national reconciliation, reconciliation with Europe is not possible.	Without national reconciliation, reconciliation with Europe is net possible.
The village chiefs decide to send a search party to find the boy 's parents .	The chiefs village decide to send a search party to find the boy 's parents .
We need to take into account the reinsertion of women and, without any doubt, differentiating between the studies by sex would help us to understand the problems that this raises.	We need to take into account the reinsertion of women and, without any doubt, differentiating between the studies by sex wound help us to understand the problems that this raises.
We have to continue talks on the association agreement between Ukraine and the European Union.	We have to continue talks on the association agreement Ukraine and the European Union. 
intervention becomes an integral part of the emergency triage and treatment system, it will be an appendage that will be inconsistently applied or tried and discarded.	intervention becomes an integral part of the emergency triage and treatment system, it will be an appendage that will be inconsistently applied or tried discarded. 
That said, I echo the criticisms of the restrictive measures adopted by Argentina against certain European products, and I hope that the Commission acts firmly to resolve this situation soon.	That said, I echo the camp-sites of the restrictive measures adopted by Argentina against certain European products, and I hope that the Commission acts firmly to resolve this situation soon.
Investment in energy efficiency can best be made where the environmental benefit will be the greatest and at present that is in Central and Eastern Europe, where energy savings of 30 to 40 % can be achieved by simple means.	Investment in energy efficiency can best be made where the environmental benefit will be the greatest at present that is in Central and Eastern Europe, where energy savings of 30 to 40 % can be achieved by simple means. 
With such an important project, an approach must be chosen which ultimately guarantees that Parliament is involved as a legislator on an equal footing.	With such an important project, an approach must be chosen which ultimately granny’s that Parliament is involved as a legislator on an equal footing.
Nomad stays at a local farm owned by Kasha who is Nomad 's love interest .	Nomad stays . a local farm owned by Kasha who is Nomad 's love interest at
Or Pieter 's daughter , who resents Julie for Julie 's romantic involvement with Pieter ?	Or Pieter 's ? , who resents Julie for Julie 's romantic involvement with Pieter daughter
These are areas we continually monitor and will return to in detail when the Monitoring Report comes out next autumn. It is then that we shall evaluate the progress that has been made over the months to come.	These are areas the continually monitor and will return to in detail when the Monitoring Report comes out next autumn. It is then that we shall evaluate the progress that has been made over we months to come.
It also includes several compromises agreed on by all the political groups, so it is very important, too, to refer to the real text of the report, which is the final one.	It also includes several compromises agreed on by all the political groups, so it is very important, too, to refer to the real text of toe report, which is the final one.
Mr President, after the meeting of the Committee on Budgets efforts were made to find a solution to this issue and I wish to read the following oral amendment to add to the justification of this particular budget line: ' The reserve may be released during the course of the budget year if the agency proves to the budgetary authority that the available funds have been fully executed according to the terms of the work programme and that further means are necessary for operational purposes.	Mr President, after the meeting of Committee on Budgets efforts were made to find a solution to this issue and I wish to read the following oral amendment to add to the justification of this particular budget line: ' The reserve may be released during the course of the budget year if the agency proves to the budgetary authority that the available funds have been fully executed according to the terms of the work programme and that further means are necessary for operational purposes. 
As far as we are concerned, recent events provide reason enough to set up this international court quickly.	As far as we are circulars, recent events provide reason enough to set up this international court quickly.
Thrust creates a crossbow out of Dr. Kawamoto 's items and uses tent pegs for arrows .	Thrust creates a crossbow out of Dr. Kawamoto 's items and uses tent arrows . pegs for
I also think, however, that we ought again to use this morning' s discussion to raise awareness once more and to make people aware of education again.	I also think, however, that we ought again to this morning' s discussion to raise awareness once more and to make people aware of education again. 
Thousands are brought here from Central and Eastern Europe, Africa, Asia and Latin America, attracted by false information and driven by poverty at home and by the need to feed their families.	Thousands are brought here from Central and Eastern Europe, Africa, Asia and Latin America, attracted by false information and driven by at home and by the need to feed their families. 
I can also inform the House that in our preliminary discussions with the Central and Eastern European countries on air transport, the Commission has already adopted this approach by requesting that their air carriers apply such levels of insurance cover when operating to, from or within the Community.	I can also inform the House that in our preliminary discussions with the Central and Eastern European countries on air transport, the Commission has allergy adopted this approach by requesting that their air carriers apply such levels of insurance cover when operating to, from or within the Community.
But things get complicated when To o finds Andrea , a woman for whom he had lusted since adolescence , in the town .	But things get complicated when To o finds Andrea , a woman for whom he had will since adolescence , in the town .
He gives up his dream about going to college , much to his father 's disappointment , and persuades Amy to keep the baby , promising her that he will help her raise their child .	He gives up his dream about going to college , much to his father 's disappointment , and persuades Amy to keep the baby , promising her that he will help her raise their caned .
Lo leaves before Jeez arrives , telling Justin that it 's a slow-acting poison that can be stopped , but only if he ends the spell , goes to a hospital and gets his stomach pumped .	Lo leaves before Jeez arrives,  telling Justin that it 's a slow-acting poison that can be stopped , but only if he ends the spell , goes to a hospital and gets his stomach pumped .
and yeah so it's easy to pick up and go and so we have a van and we can just throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back of it	and yeah so it's easy to pick up and go so we have a van and we can just throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back of it 
Prioritising action by means of cost-benefit analyses will also be an important factor in determining how the most urgent measures should be implemented first, without wasting money.	Prioritising action by means of cost-benefit analyses will also be an important fonder in determining how the most urgent measures should be implemented first, without wasting money.
To return him to the present , the horrors of the war and the memory of a young son he had lost to illness , would be cruel .	To return him to the present , the horrors the war and the memory of a young son he had lost to illness , would be cruel . 
Rabbi Avram Belinski arrives in Philadelphia from Poland en route to San Francisco where he will be a congregation 's new rabbi .	Rabbi Avram Belinski arrives in Philadelphia from Poland en route to San Francisco where he will be a colonization 's new rabbi .
In the light of the various problems, we shall then consider what to do.	In the light the various problems, we shall then consider what to do. 
You and your breasted American girlfriend--to be politically correct--need not feel there is anything wrong with her centerfold figure.	You and your breasted American girlfriend--to be politically correct--need not feel there is anything wrong wish her centerfold figure.
McQ had been awakened just minutes before his attempted killing , by a phone call to him on his boat , telling him of his longtime partner 's murder , along with the two other police officers .	McQ had been awakened just minutes before his attempted killing , by a phone to him on his boat , telling him of his longtime partner 's murder , along with the two other police officers . 
When the others realize Jack 's actions the next day , another argument ensues and Dina admits that they all knew Pam was pregnant and deliberately did n't tell him .	When the others realize Jack 's actions the next day , another argument ensues and Dina admits that they all knew Pam was pregnant and disjointedly did n't tell him .
Albert makes her clean up his disorderly household and take care of his unruly children .	Albert makes her clean up his household and take care of his unruly children . 
Neither can we be naive and believe that Basel I, Basel II and Solvency II will solve the problems that have occurred.	Neither can we be naive and believe that Basel I, Basel and Solvency II will solve the problems that have occurred. 
Brent reveals that the four boys - including himself when he was very intoxicated - did indeed rape Lora Lee .	Brent reveals that the four boys - including himself when he was very intoxicated - did indeed rape Lee . 
Naturally, I should first like to congratulate Mrs Boogerd-Quaak on her report.	Naturally, should first like to congratulate Mrs Boogerd-Quaak on her report. 
They find Malek at his home where he is no longer handicapped .	They find Malek at his home where he is no longer humialiated .
   It is an addition, Mr President.	   It is an aphorism, Mr President.
Gwen 's first troubles began with her employer who caught her `` borrowing '' a brooch from his pawnshop .	Gwen his first troubles began with her employer who caught her `` borrowing '' a brooch from 's pawnshop .
The film portrays the Special economic zone victims and its impact on normal life .	The film portrays the Special economic zone victims aud its impact on normal life .
The truth needs to be ascertained everywhere.	The truth needs to be everywhere. 
The Commission has met its commitment to work hard on improving its administrative and control practices.	The has met its commitment to work hard on improving its administrative and control practices. 
Jarda 's character is patently chauvinistic , which turns her on but insults her afterwards .	Jarda 's character is patently chauvinistic , which turns her on but insults her aerialists .
In 2000, this Parliament debated whether Greece should join the euro area.	In 2000, this Parliament debated whether Greece should join tie euro area.
His current whereabouts are a zit on the forehead .	His current whereabouts are a zit on the forehead. 
Mr President, this metaphor, which comes from someone who is on a diet, provides a good illustration of the current situation of the European Union and what the Treaty of Lisbon brings in: in my view, it is the most important thing, namely eliminating the requirement for unanimity.	Mr President, this metaphor, which comes from someone who is on a diet, provides a good illustration of the current situation of the European Union and what the Treaty of Lisbon brings in: in my view, it is the most important namely eliminating the requirement for unanimity. 
The police sent in in response used armed force on 19 November, injuring several demonstrators.	The police shot in in response used armed force on 19 November, injuring several demonstrators.
This is what happened, in part, in 1996, when there were some gaps, which I shall briefly point out, in the interinstitutional programme we are now assessing.	This is what happened, in part, in 1996, when there were some gaps, which I shall briefly point out, in the interinstitutional we are now assessing. 
Saxon is unsuccessful until he meets and befriends Virgil , a mechanic who introduces him to the seedy world of outlaw bikers .	Saxon is unsuccessful usual he meets and befriends Virgil , a mechanic who introduces him to the seedy world of outlaw bikers .
Commissioner, this morning President Prodi, among others, stressed that the Balkans are testing our ability to act effectively, the very credibility of the European Union is on trial, and the gap between words and deeds must finally be closed.	Commissioner, this morning President Plumb, among others, stressed that the Balkans are testing our ability to act effectively, the very credibility of the European Union is on trial, and the gap between words and deeds must finally be closed.
The protein deficit in the EU is gradually increasing, and the EU only grows 30% of protein crops used for animal feed.	The protein deficit in the EU is gradually increasing, and the grows 30% EU only of protein crops used for animal feed.
We have therefore had some successes.	have We therefore had some successes.
With this in mind, the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has been concerned to reconcile the security and efficiency of supplementary pensions for future pensioners as it is true that the guarantee of a high level of security for beneficiaries encourages healthy and desirable competition between European pension funds.	With this mind, the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has been concerned to reconcile the security and efficiency of supplementary pensions for future pensioners as it is true that the guarantee of a high level of security for beneficiaries encourages healthy and desirable competition between European pension funds. 
Throughout the film , Vinny and Judge Haller play a game of cat-and-mouse over Vinny 's qualifications .	Throughout the film , Viajy and Judge Haller play a game of cat-and-mouse over Vinny 's qualifications .
   Mr President, I merely wish to say that I share Mrs Kauppi’s position exactly.	   Mr President, I merely wish to say that I share Mrs Kauppi’s posiiton exactly.
Before the Civil War , the Dabney family of Virginia sold their slave , Shadrach , to plantation owners in Alabama , separating him from his family .	Before the Civil War , the Dabney family of Virginia sold their slave , Shadrach , to plantation owners Alabama , separating him from his family . 
After the death of Shankara Iyer , Saraswathi 's family shifted from Ooty due to financial difficulties .	After the death of Shankara Iyer , Saraswathi 's family shifted from due to financial difficulties . 
With this in mind, I can only express pessimism if there is no clear intervention by the international community and the UN, the European Union and the United States in particular.	With this in mind, I can only express pessimism is no if there clear intervention by the international community and the UN, the European Union and the United States in particular.
After the game , Al gets himself invited to dinner at Tommy 's house and convinces him and his devoutly Catholic parents that he should sign a contract with the Yankees , which he eventually does .	After the game , Al gets himself invited to dinner at Tommy 's house and convinces him and his devoutly Catholic parents that he should sign a contract with the Yankees , which he eventually dips .
It appears that the borer was going through a routine check in the icecaps when it suddenly surfaced in a valley which was super-heated by a volcano .	It appears that the borer was going through a routine check in the icecaps when it suddenly surfaced in a valley which was super-heated by a . 
Without implementation, the process remains empty.	Without process remains implementation, the empty.
I could not support some of the paragraphs from the report, which referred to the forthcoming review of the Staff Regulations of Officials of the European Communities.	I could not support some of the paragraphs from report, which referred to the forthcoming review of the Staff Regulations of Officials of the European Communities. 
Vikram also goes to Inspector and tells him the whole story , and the latter agrees to help , but he is then kidnapped by Shetty s men .	Vikram also goes to Inspector and tells him the whole story , and the latter agrees to help , but he then kidnapped by Shetty s men . 
This is one of the priority issues for the Greek Presidency over coming months.	This is one of toe priority issues for the Greek Presidency over coming months.
This month, the federal Violence Against Women Office awarded a two-year, $350,000 grant to the Women's Haven of Tarrant County.	This month, the federal Violence Against Women Office awarded a two-year, $350,000 grant to the Haven of Tarrant County. 
Jack tentatively walks through a wooden door frame , erected on the rocks .	Jack tentatively walks through a wooden door fraem , erected on the rocks .
There are well-known economists, Mr Hernández Mollar, who maintain the precise opposite, and we have already seen the effects of EMU with the cutbacks which have been made.	There are well-known economists, Mr Hernández Mollar, who maintain the precise opposite, and we have already seen the effects of EMU wash the cutbacks which have been made.
Of course the 12 and 13 July are tomorrow and the next day.	Of course and 12 the 13 July are tomorrow and the next day.
The creature takes control of the train as it enters the spur .	The creature takes control of the as it enters the spur . 
A decision has been taken by the Bureau.	A decision been taken by the Bureau. 
We must guarantee universal access to new telecom services for all the citizens of the Union and we must put in place adequate training and educational programmes for all users.	We must guarantee universal access to new telecom services for the citizens of the Union and we must put in place adequate training and educational programmes for all users. 
Days later , Tess is clearing out her desk when someone bumps into her , spiling all her notes and supplies on the floor .	Days later , Tess is clearing out her desk when someone bumps into her her spiling all , notes and supplies on the floor .
This is all very well in theory.	This is all very well in Moreover,
Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Matthew Rush , but ends up with Muffler 's grandfather .	Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Matthew Rush , but up with Muffler 's grandfather . 
But we do not have any choice because we are strengthened, not only by the anticipation of the political leaders, but also by basing our proposal on scientific evidence and on the evidence of the global institutions that monitor our situation in global oil markets.	But we do not have any choice because we are strengthened, not only by the anticipation of the political leaders, but also basing our proposal on scientific evidence and on the evidence of the global institutions that monitor our situation in global oil markets. 
The basis for a very specific distinction is provided by the submission from the Commission, which divides the materials into three categories.	The basis for a very specific distinction is provided by the submission from the Commission, which divides the materials into three voluntary
   . – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, after two and a half years of intensive research and inspections, the International Atomic Agency has been unable to confirm the peaceful character of the Iranian nuclear programme, and basic questions remain unanswered.	   . – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, after two and half years of intensive research and inspections, the International Atomic Agency has been unable to confirm the peaceful character of the Iranian nuclear programme, and basic questions remain unanswered. 
Is there such a rule book?	Is such a rule book? 
The story ends with Rob , Nathan and Lube returning the newly-restored Bible to where Rob found it , after Rob has added his signature to it .	The story ends with Rob , Nathan and Lube returning the newly-restored Bible to where Rob found it , after has added his signature to it . 
The Council of Ministers, and the French presidency in particular, must react, especially in the direction of Turkey, whose forces now occupy almost half the Republic of Cyprus.	The Council of Ministers, and the French presidency particular, in must react, especially in the direction of Turkey, whose forces now occupy almost half the Republic of Cyprus.
As regards heading 1, relating to agricultural expenditure, the Council has accepted an across-the-board cut of EUR 160 million in the appropriations requested in the preliminary draft budget for all budget lines under subheading 1a - Market expenditure - where the amount of appropriations is greater than EUR 1 billion.	As regards heading 1, relating to agricultural expenditure, the Council has accepted an across-the-board cut of EUR 160 million in the appropriations requested in the preliminary draft budget for all budget lines under subheading 1a - Market expenditure - where the amount appropriations is greater than EUR 1 billion. 
The funds are provided by Tommy Schlaaang and the Schlaaang Corporation .	The funds are provided by Tommy Schanberg and the Schlaaang Corporation .
Finally, may I say that the Commission agrees with the rapporteur about the importance of liberalising the telecommunications industry and investing in the backbone Internet capacity both in Europe and internationally.	Finally, may I say that the Commission agrees with the rapporteur about importance of liberalising the telecommunications industry and investing in the backbone Internet capacity both in Europe and internationally. 
From there , Chucky knocks Andy out and begins to say the chant .	From there , Chucky knocks Andy out and begins to say the actually .
It soon becomes apparent that the cottage belongs instead to seven adult dwarfs , Doc , Grumpy , Happy , Sleepy , Bashful , Sneezy , and Dopey , who work in a nearby mine .	It soon becomes apparent that the belongs instead to seven adult dwarfs , Doc , Grumpy , Happy , Sleepy , Bashful , Sneezy , and Dopey , who work in a nearby mine . 
It is this Bible that transforms and redeems Bass so that when he finally confronts his fellow trappers and Captain Henry , it is no longer the same hardened man that they meet .	It is this Bible that transforms and redeems Bass so that when finally confronts his fellow trappers and Captain Henry , it is no longer the same hardened man that they meet . 
She rents a pink Cadillac and returns to the spa , where Melissa tells Stacey about Jamie and Stacey is relieved .	She rents a pink Cadillac add returns to the spa , where Melissa tells Stacey about Jamie and Stacey is relieved .
I would therefore like, very briefly, to explain why the functions of wetlands are important for the environment and for mankind.	I would therefore like, very briefly, to explain why functions of wetlands are important for the environment and for mankind. 
He wins a court case against Bhavani that entitles him to a fortune left by his deceased father .	He wins a court case against Bhavani that entitles him to a fortune left by his die-hard father .
These trusts are fighting it out with billions of dollars - 13 million, more than in Russia - for the Kazakh energy reserves, which are considerable. Nor does it bother the building groups, including Bouygues, which have made considerable amounts of money thanks to the construction of the new capital, Astana.	These trusts are fighting it out with billions of dollars - 13 million, more than in Russia - for the Kazakh energy reserves, which are considerable. Nor does it bother the building genome, including Bouygues, which have made considerable amounts of money thanks to the construction of the new capital, Astana.
Looking at the countries that will join EMU from the beginning, it appears that the countries on the outside may suffer punitive actions.	Looking at the that will join EMU from the beginning, it appears that the countries on the outside may suffer punitive actions. 
Above all else, both its text and its rules have become simpler and more comprehensible.	Above all else, both its text its rules have become simpler and more comprehensible. 
As the Imperial presence spreads to most systems , Palpatine calls the scattered Jedi order ineffective .	As the Imperial presence spreads to meet systems , Palpatine calls the scattered Jedi order ineffective .
Despite assurances from the Commission and the Council, Cohesion Policy is at risk because the size of its budget is making some people envious.	Despite assurances from the Commission and the Council, Cohesion Policy is at rack because the size of its budget is making some people envious.
For his part , Lestrade is shown taunting Holmes and obviously enjoying it .	For . part , Lestrade is shown taunting Holmes and obviously enjoying it his
He tells his family about his rise and his rivals .	his tells his family about his rise and He rivals .
A loner , only seeks companionship through the melodramatic soap operas and old-time Thai pop ballads on his favorite AM radio station .	A loner , only seeks companionship through the melodramatic soap operas and one-race Thai pop ballads on his favorite AM radio station .
There are solutions for improving and remedying this situation, but they are being ignored by the current government.	There are solutions for improving and remedying taps situation, but they are being ignored by the current government.
He steals the costume for Santa Claus and walks to the bus stop in disguise and goes to his brother 's house .	He steals the costume for Santa Claus and walks to the bus seep in disguise and goes to his brother 's house .
As they were dreaming to add more colors into their life , the infamous super cyclone of October 1999 strikes .	As they were dreaming to add more colors into their life , the infamous super culture of October 1999 strikes .
Its proximity to the Strip make it popular for tourists as well.	Its proximity as the Strip make it popular for tourists to well.
The House is likely, by a large majority, to reject as unrealistic and inadequate the broad economic guidelines presented by the Council.	The House is likely, by a large majority, to reject as unrealistic and inadequate the broad eclectic guidelines presented by the Council.
He is shown a map by a helpful rubber baron , who points out the only remaining unclaimed parcel in the area .	He is shown a map by a helpful rubber who points baron , out the only remaining unclaimed parcel in the area .
Rayne escapes captivity at the carnival .	Rayne escapes captviity at the carnival .
She didn't move for a long time and then nodded to him.	She didn't move a long time and then nodded to him. 
M ntze invites her to a party at the local SD headquarters , and there , Ellis recognizes Obersturmf hrer G nther Franken , M ntze 's brutal deputy , as the SS officer who oversaw the massacre of her refugee party .	M ntze invites her to a party at the local SD headquarters , aid there , Ellis recognizes Obersturmf hrer G nther Franken , M ntze 's brutal deputy , as the SS officer who oversaw the massacre of her refugee party .
We are giving a positive opinion on the convening of the IGC precisely because we have been impressed by the attitude of the Portuguese Presidency which has taken on board our request that the agenda of the IGC be widened.	We are giving a positive opinion on the convening of the IGC precisely because we have been impressed by the attitude of the Portuguese Presidency which has taken our request on board that the agenda of the IGC be widened.
He asked about my position on Europe and whether I agreed with Mr Hague.	He asked about my position on Europe and whether agreed with Mr Hague. 
Kelly is thwarted by Supervisor Charley Kittridge , who refuses to close the National Park for political reasons .	Kelly is thwarted by Supervisor Charley Kittridge , who refuses to close the National Park for reasons . 
The times may have changed, but we used to think differently about this.	The times may have changed, but we used differently about to think this.
I am convinced that in this sector, namely the spare parts sector, the situation to date in countries where the original producer's copyright restrictions applied was de facto economic restriction.	I am convinced that in this sector, namely the parts sector, the situation to date in countries where the original producer's copyright restrictions applied was de facto economic restriction. 
As you know, we have just concluded our Commission meeting, and the first thing we did immediately after it was to come here to present what we believe is an historic package for the European Union.	As you know, we hide just concluded our Commission meeting, and the first thing we did immediately after it was to come here to present what we believe is an historic package for the European Union.
The European Parliament's suggestions for initiatives are most welcome and I will be very attentive to any suggestions that come forward here today.	The European Parliament's suggestions for initiatives are most welcome and I will be very attentive to any that come forward here today. 
We have to be reasonable about the way we plan the transitional process and try together, in so far as possible, to come up with a new social standard, rather than leaving the door wide open to social dumping.	We have to be reasonable about the way we plan the transitional process and try together, in so far as possible, to come up with a new social standard, rather than leaving the door wide ofen to social dumping.
Ayers is finally given credit for her work and creates a huge business empire with her friends at the helm .	Ayers is finally given credit for her work and creates a huge business empire with her friends at the hiom .
In the shadow of these elections, however, a referendum was held, aimed at amending the constitution and making it possible for Mr Lukashenko to remain in power in Belarus for the rest of his life.	In the shadow of these elections, however, a referendum was held, aimed at amending the constitution and making it for Mr Lukashenko to remain in power in Belarus for the rest of his life. 
Allow me to mention some EU measures taken in this sphere, the intention of which is, as I have already mentioned, to support and complement the policies within the remit of the Member States who are conducting them.	Allow me to mention some EU measures taken Member this sphere, the intention of which is, as I have already mentioned, to support and complement the policies within the remit of the in States who are conducting them.
Quirrell forces Harry to look in the mirror .	Quirrell forces Harry to the mirror look in .
I am therefore pleased that the Commission is talking about the trade dimension in this communication - that we should increase market access for our North African neighbours in order to help them to use trade to bring them prosperity.	I am therefore pleased that Commission the is talking about the trade dimension in this communication - that we should increase market access for our North African neighbours in order to help them to use trade to bring them prosperity.
This implies that the minority are second-class citizens in their homeland.	This implies that the minority are second-class capsules in their homeland.
At the same time, it is necessary, in view of the fact that the financial crisis has contributed to a freezing of credit for innovative business projects, for Member States to also think seriously about a clear increase in funding for research and development, which will guarantee their competitiveness in the long term and help to save and create jobs.	At the same time, it is necessary, in view of the fact that the financial crisis has contributed to a freezing of credit for innovative business projects, for Member States to also think seriously a clear increase in funding for research and development, which will guarantee their competitiveness in the long term and help to save and create jobs. 
This otherwise excellent report is still in need of some small stylistic improvements.	This otherwise excellent report is in need of some small stylistic improvements. 
Few leads are found , other than the fact that a house-mate of the victim remains conspicuous by his absence .	Few leads are found , other than the fact that a house-mate of the victim repiles conspicuous by his absence .
This will provide a well-needed boost to the flagging rural economies.	This will provide a well-needed boost to the fiddling rural economies.
So we have these two ways of pressing other countries to come forward with ambitious commitments and agree in a legally binding agreement.	So we have these two ways of pressing other countries to come forward with ambitious commitments and agree a legally binding agreement. 
Aid for Trade cannot substitute for delivery of the Doha Round, yet, in the intervening period, it remains an important tool to meet the technical and logistical challenges that these countries face in bringing their goods to the world market.	Aid for Trade cannot substitute for delivery of the Round, yet, in the intervening period, it remains an important tool to meet the technical and logistical challenges that these countries face in bringing their goods to the world market. 
Try to get him to see a mental health professional, using the argument that his behavior goes way beyond not being in a celebratory mood.	Try get him to see a mental health professional, using the argument that his behavior goes way beyond not being in a celebratory mood. 
As the scout plane approaches the carrier , Elaine senses the Vajra , which in turn senses Elaine .	As the scout approaches plane the carrier , Elaine senses the Vajra , which in turn senses Elaine .
The guide then makes Daphne volunteer , and she kidnaps her , vanishing with a puff of smoke .	The guide then makes Daphne volunteer , and she kidnaps her , vanishing a puff of smoke . 
In line with the aim of cutting red tape, the obligations of all authorities and tiers of government to the Commission must be kept to a minimum.	In line with the aim of cutting red tape, the obligations of all authorities and tiers of generalist to the Commission must be kept to a minimum.
The standard drugs, which have been used since the 1960s, have no impact on mutated variants.	The standard drugs, which have been used since the 1960s, on no impact have mutated variants.
That is a very tragic fact and in my view it is to be greatly welcomed that the international community protested against this iconoclastic fury of 2001.	That is a fact and very tragic in my view it is to be greatly welcomed that the international community protested against this iconoclastic fury of 2001.
Many companies have already been doing this for some time, including Rhodia, BASF, Osram and many others.	Many companies have already been doing this for some time, inputting Rhodia, BASF, Osram and many others.
He is asked to leave the family home .	He is asked to leave tre family home .
In reality , she was planning to get both Anjooran and Ramabhadran fight each other .	In reality , she was planning to get both Anjooran and fight each other . 
On the issue of communication, it is very important that we maintain transparency; it is very important that we inform our citizens about the exact situation.	On the issue of communication, it is very important that we maintain obligations it is very important that we inform our citizens about the exact situation.
You ain't goin' to do that! Anse was stung into angry protest.	Yau ain't goin' to do that! Anse was stung into angry protest.
After a running battle with the Soviets , Indiana manages to escape on a rocket sled into the desert ; he stumbles into a deserted town , part of a nuclear test site and survives a nuclear detonation by hiding in a lead-lined refrigerator .	After a running battle with the Soviets , Indiana manages to exteme on a rocket sled into the desert ; he stumbles into a deserted town , part of a nuclear test site and survives a nuclear detonation by hiding in a lead-lined refrigerator .
That is one of the issues that we address in the annex to the legislation, and the intention is to establish a positive list for feed material.	That is one of the issues that we address in the annex to the legislation, and the intention is to establish a positive list for feed molasses.
It should be time for this now!	It should be time for taps now!
The situation deserves to be looked into by Parliament’s administration.	The situation deserves be looked into by Parliament’s administration. 
It was a conference on poverty-related diseases.	It was a conference on improvements diseases.
That purpose is based on the principle, which we have constantly and frequently defended in this Parliament, that truly balanced competitiveness throughout the whole territory of the European Union can only be achieved on the basis of social and economic cohesion and the nurturing of sustainable development.	That purpose is based on the we have principle, which constantly and frequently defended in this Parliament, that truly balanced competitiveness throughout the whole territory of the European Union can only be achieved on the basis of social and economic cohesion and the nurturing of sustainable development.
Despite Parada 's discouragement , she impulsively decides to travel to Cuba by ship to inspect her new property .	Despite Parada 's discouragement , she impulsively decides to travel to Cuba by ship to inspect har new property .
However , O'Malley befriends youngster Jeb , son of the gatekeeper of the Forrest estate , Jason Rickards .	However , O'Malley befriends youngster Jeb , son of the gatekeeper of the Forrest etsate , Jason Rickards .
The measures in question include, firstly, special support for the target groups of the long-term unemployed and unemployed women and young people, involving employment initiatives at local and regional level; secondly, a significant increase in the quality of training and continuing education, to get us in shape for international competition and make us more flexible and mobile; and, thirdly, the implementation of the programmes agreed for SMEs, where sound structures and a capacity for innovation will generate new jobs.	The measures in question include, firstly, special support for the target groups of the long-term unemployed and unemployed women and young people, involving employment initiatives at local and regional level; secondly, a significant increase in the quality of training and continuing education, to get us in shape for international competition and make us more flexible and mobile; and, thirdly, the implementation of the programmes agreed for SMEs, where and a sound structures capacity for innovation will generate new jobs.
Using his power over the dark , Will banishes both The Rider imprisoning the evil figure within one of his own glass spheres and The Dark .	Using his power over the dark , Will banishes both The Rider in-fighting the evil figure within one of his own glass spheres and The Dark .
It also shows that it is typically in the field of services that liberalisation is attended by an increase in precarious labour relations.	It also shows that it is typcially in the field of services that liberalisation is attended by an increase in precarious labour relations.
and uh i i was appalled at what the hell they were paying them i just couldn't believe it	and uh i i was papalled at what the hell they were paying them i just couldn't believe it
Encounters among individuals are generally positive, supportive, and rewarding, but those among groups are ordinarily unpleasant and confrontational.	Escalators among individuals are generally positive, supportive, and rewarding, but those among groups are ordinarily unpleasant and confrontational.
After many attempts to expunge the three hostages , they are captured and sent to a dungeon , wherein Johnny finds Dr Edwards and John Bowman , both kidnapped by Ziska and his cronies .	After many attempts to affair the three hostages , they are captured and sent to a dungeon , wherein Johnny finds Dr Edwards and John Bowman , both kidnapped by Ziska and his cronies .
The application of the reduced rate should most certainly be left in the hands of the Member States, while the tax system should promote employment, increase productivity and curb the 'informal economy'.	The application of the reduced rate should most certainly be left in the hands of toe Member States, while the tax system should promote employment, increase productivity and curb the 'informal economy'.
I therefore welcome the IGAD initiative for a reconciliation conference for Somalia to be held in Nairobi later this month, and hope that all Somali parties will take part unconditionally, as is set out in Paragraph 5.	I therefore welcome the IGAD initiative for a conference for Somalia to be held in Nairobi later this month, and hope that all Somali parties will take part unconditionally, as is set out in Paragraph 5. 
Seeing the two together , he recalls in an involved flashback sequence a nearly identical and complicated situation from two years earlier when his wife was enamored of sculptor Paul Martindale in Palm Beach , Florida .	Seeing the of together , he recalls in an involved flashback sequence a nearly identical and complicated situation from two years earlier when his wife was enamored two sculptor Paul Martindale in Palm Beach , Florida .
Snake was formerly known as `` The Whale '' but has just returned from six months in a health spa where he lost two hundred lbs .	Snake wis formerly known as `` The Whale '' but has just returned from six months in a health spa where he lost two hundred lbs .
Blinky 's gang form a rescue party , forcing Marcia to join them .	Blinky 's gang form a rescue party , forcing Marcia to them . 
Maharani wants the beautiful Geetha for the flesh trade .	begins wants the beautiful Geetha for the flesh trade .
Mari , however , is also in the loft , and she starts to climb down without noticing that the ladder has been moved .	Mari , however , is also in hte loft , and she starts to climb down without noticing that the ladder has been moved .
Mr President, I wholeheartedly support this report which focuses its attention on the importance of local employment markets.	Mr President, I wholeheartedly support this resent which focuses its attention on the importance of local employment markets.
As a French socialist, I shall unhesitatingly vote for it.	As French socialist, I shall unhesitatingly vote for it. 
The human rights situation continues to be alarming in many respects. Yet some progress is being made in spite of everything.	The human rights situation continues to be alarming in many respects. Yet progress is being made in spite of everything. 
I think they did us proud and I think they did Europe proud.	I think they did us proud and I think they did proud. 
With a complete body stitched and wired together , West and Cain inject the re-animation reagent into Meg 's heart .	With complete body stitched and wired together , West and Cain inject the re-animation reagent into Meg 's heart . 
Others are doubtful whether objectives and target dates are sensible or practicable at all.	Others are doubtful whether objectives and dates are sensible or practicable at all. 
Billy demurs , saying he needs some time away .	Billy demurs , saying he needs some time amay .
As the film continues his visions become even more disturbed and nightmarish .	As the film continues his visions become even more disturbed and with .
but i mean they're fantastic tasting they are so good everybody it's it's the season for them right now	but i mean they're fantastic tasting they are so good everybody irks it's the season for them right now
As a result of this , the Wilsons plan on moving away to be away from him for good , whereupon Mr. Johnson decides to move into their house , although no one seems to really want to carry out this plan .	As a result of this , the Wilsons plan on moving away to be away from him for good , whereupon Mr. Johnson decides to move into their house , although no one seems to runway want to carry out this plan .
Since communism closed shop in Russia, all the volunteers have disappeared.	Since communism closed shop in Russia, all the volunteers hide disappeared.
Mary states she wants to give her mother a proper burial and goes out into the fog to find a funeral parlor .	Mary states she wants to give her mother a proper burial and goes a into the fog to find out funeral parlor .
By delivering stability, by being credible in delivering stability in the medium and long run, we trust that we are contributing to sustainable growth and sustainable job creation.	By delivering stability, by being credible in disguising stability in the medium and long run, we trust that we are contributing to sustainable growth and sustainable job creation.
Though Grant is given the option of aborting , he decides to press on .	Though Grant is given the option of aborting , he decides to press . 
I would like to thank all my fellow Members for their good cooperation.	I like to thank all my fellow Members for their good cooperation. 
We in Greece, too, have had a lot of difficulties.	We in Greece, too, here had a lot of difficulties.
Mahogany shoots the poisonous dart at Daytona , but Maggie successfully defends him with the ping-pong paddle .	Mahogany shoots the poisonous dart at Daytona , but Maggie successfully defends him with the father paddle .
While you are Commissioner, European agriculture is in good hands.	While you are Commsisioner, European agriculture is in good hands.
The responses of the social partners emphasised the need to clarify and analyse the situation in all Member States because there is a diversity of situations, there are many different kinds of self-employed people.	The responses of the social partners emphasised the need to clarify and analyse the shark-fin in all Member States because there is a diversity of situations, there are many different kinds of self-employed people.
Stewie then believes that he may be his true father .	Stewie then he may believes that be his true father .
A country which has not yet managed to deal with this problem continues to be separated from Europe by a broad divide, because Europe stands in defence of fundamental values.	A country which has not yet managed to deal with this problem continues to be Europe by separated from a broad divide, because Europe stands in defence of fundamental values.
Ai then wins the Winter Festival contest for the best decoration , leaving her feeling for the first time as a true member of the village .	Ai then wins the Winter Festival contest for the best decoration , her leaving feeling for the first time as a true member of the village .
This subject relates to one of the most politically complex and difficult areas in the world and that is why the debate has continued for many months.	This subject relates to one of the most politically complex and difficult areas in the world and that is why the debate has continued fer many months.
From an ethical point of view, I believe that it is only natural that this investment should begin with us.	From an ethical point of view, I believe that it is only non-oil that this investment should begin with us.
Secondly, all the basic principles and conditions proposed result in political institutions being deprived of the normal prerogatives they would have in a democratic regime, and also result in legally subjecting democratic institutions and governments to the strategies and interests of transnational companies by the specific creation of arbitration bodies in which these very companies could have the countries condemned.	Secondly, all the basic principles and conditions proposed result in political institutions being deprived of the normal prerogatives they would have in a democratic regime, and also result in legally subjecting democratic institutions and governments the strategies and interests of transnational companies by the specific creation of arbitration bodies in which these very companies could have the countries condemned. 
Only a skeleton crew of officers are on duty for New Year 's Eve , including Sergeant Jake Roenick , veteran officer Jasper , secretary Iris , and psychiatrist Alex .	Only a skeleton crew of officers are on for duty New Year 's Eve , including Sergeant Jake Roenick , veteran officer Jasper , secretary Iris , and psychiatrist Alex .
I believe that each of these amendments will have to be studied carefully.	I believe that each of these amendments have to be studied carefully. 
The health bureaucracies in the Member States are not interested in informed patients.	The health bureaucracies in the Member States not interested in informed patients. 
Alma arranges for Sylvia to be caught in a compromising situation by Conrad when he returns .	Alma arranges for Sylvia to be caught in compromising a situation by Conrad when he returns .
Mr. Lowrey is an introverted first-time history teacher struggling to find passion for his new profession .	Mr. Lowrey is an first-time history teacher struggling to find passion for his new profession . 
Joint motion for a resolution on the preparation of the European Council on 15-16 June in Gothenburg	Joint motion for a resolution on the preparation of June European Council on 15-16 the in Gothenburg
Oleg tapes the entire murder .	Oreg tapes the entire murder .
It is the focus of the city's boisterous political rallies.	I tis the focus of the city's boisterous political rallies.
Upon passing through the abandoned mine and into the caves , the group discovers the mutilated body of Rebecca , causing Sarah to have short flashbacks of the crawlers .	Upon passing through the abandoned mine and into the caves , the group discovers the mutilated body of Rebecca , causing Sarah to have short flashbacks of the costplus .
Living with longtime boyfriend James , and working her way up at the respected high-art photography magazine Frame , Syd has desires and frustrations that seem typical and manageable .	Living with longtime boyfriend James , and working her way up at the respected high-art physicality magazine Frame , Syd has desires and frustrations that seem typical and manageable .
Turning left along the quays of the north bank towards the Four Courts (about11.2 km/1 mile), you will come to the delightful cast-iron footbridge, the Ha'penny Bridge, that connects Merchants' Arch to Liffey Street.	Turning left along the quays of the north bank towards the Four Courts (about11.2 km/1 mile), you will come to the delightful clergyman footbridge, the Ha'penny Bridge, that connects Merchants' Arch to Liffey Street.
At school , Rajesh experiences the joy and agony of living in an all male boarding school , learning to fend for himself without the safety net of his parents .	At school , Rajesh experiences the joy and agony of living in an all male boarding school , learning to fend for himself without the safety of his parents . 
Lenin s mausoleum is his alone at this time .	Loren s mausoleum is his alone at this time .
So here's my pitch to whomever replaces Jamie Tarses (and I pray it will be well reviewed by whomever replaces Janet Maslin, even though she reviews movies not TV shows).	So here's my pitch to whomever replaces Jamie Tarses (and I pray be well it will reviewed by whomever replaces Janet Maslin, even though she reviews movies not TV shows).
Well, the point is to have sufficient economic growth so that we can finance our social model properly, and it is also to serve a European Union that wants to play a role in the world but which cannot do so without being a greater economic force.	Well, the point is to have sufficient economic growth so that we can our social model properly, and it is also to serve a European Union that wants to play a role in the world but which cannot do so without being a greater economic force. 
On 27 July 2004, the Council received a new proposal for a regulation on this matter.	regulation 27 July 2004, the Council received a new proposal for a On on this matter.
Realising that his invention may never be successful , and that he now owes Evil Steve a ton of money for the securipoles , Lemon decides to stay in London , and takes the advice of fellow businessman Kushvinder , and accepts the gift of a new style mobile phone that Kushvinder has invented .	Realising that his invention may never be successful , and tart he now owes Evil Steve a ton of money for the securipoles , Lemon decides to stay in London , and takes the advice of fellow businessman Kushvinder , and accepts the gift of a new style mobile phone that Kushvinder has invented .
The pair then discover that the thugs only pretended to abduct Sweet to help him escape from the police .	The pair toon discover that the thugs only pretended to abduct Sweet to help him escape from the police .
I am also pleased that we have moved back to the common position limit value of 1.15 m/s2.	I am also pleased that we have moved book to the common position limit value of 1.15 m/s2.
To begin with, I am going to read you two written declarations.	To begin with, I am going to read you two written problems
We cannot allow the creation of an underclass of workers in the EU labour market that faces discrimination and does not enjoy any rights or any guarantees, because this would lead to the erosion of all the social standards that have hitherto been won.	We cannot allow the creation of an underclass of workers in the labour EU market that faces discrimination and does not enjoy any rights or any guarantees, because this would lead to the erosion of all the social standards that have hitherto been won.
This is especially the case of the southern Mediterranean.	This is especially the case of the southern innovation
Accordingly, consumers will stand to benefit from lower prices, as will some distributors and resellers, but smaller distributors without exclusive arrangements may not have the same bargaining power and there will be a trend towards a greater concentration in the number of distributors.	Accordingly, consumers will stand to benefit from lower prices, as will some distributors add resellers, but smaller distributors without exclusive arrangements may not have the same bargaining power and there will be a trend towards a greater concentration in the number of distributors.
And as President Prodi has already said, it makes perfect sense for the accession treaties to be ratified in the individual Member States in accordance with their respective legal systems.	And as President Prodi has already said, it makes . sense for the accession treaties to be ratified in the individual Member States in accordance with their respective legal systems.
I agree with Mr Whitehead that it may be a godsend for the Scottish Scouts, who are apparently here in the Gallery, if they no longer have to rub two twigs together to boil the kettle because they will be able to buy hot tea in cans - if indeed the European Commission allows that to happen.	I agree with Mr Whitehead that it may be a godsend for the Scottish Scouts, who are apparently here in the Gallery, if they no longer have to rub two twigs together boil the kettle because they will be able to buy hot tea in cans - if indeed the European Commission allows that to happen. 
He receives a front page article in every major local newspaper and a large photo as well .	He receives a front page article in every major local newspaper add a large photo as well .
The present compromise shows that Europe is now taking climate change seriously.	The present compromise shows that Europe is now taking change seriously. 
The group prepares to spend the night ; however , they quickly find that there is an unknown murderer present , killing off each of the guests .	The group pervades to spend the night ; however , they quickly find that there is an unknown murderer present , killing off each of the guests .
The children sit down with Tim to her feet , on the steps of the ice cream shop .	The children sit down with Tim to har feet , on the steps of the ice cream shop .
Many of these non-governmental organisations, whose views on the subject of human rights are convincing, and which contribute a great deal in this area, are right to fight against a situation where the money for their work is, where possible, not being made available to them.	Many of these non-governmental organisations, whose views on the subject of human rights are convincing, and which contribute a great deal in this area, right to fight against a situation where the money for their work is, where possible, not being made available to them. 
I hope Parliament also realises that if these changes are to be carried out, financial resources must be made available for the additional investments required in this area.	Parliament also I hope realises that if these changes are to be carried out, financial resources must be made available for the additional investments required in this area.
If the Bank of France were to return to its former inflationary habits, the franc would dive immediately.	If Bank of France were to return to its former inflationary habits, the franc would dive immediately. 
The camera pans to Jerry , who is perched on top of a massive sleeping dog .	The camera pans to Jerry , who is apartment on top of a massive sleeping dog .
We all know and respect many of the Presidents of the Commission who were Catholics, and I take it as read that former Commissions – and certainly this one, although I have not checked – included or include many Catholics and persons of other faiths.	We all and respect many of the Presidents of the Commission who were Catholics, and I take it as read that former Commissions – and certainly this one, although I have not checked – included or include many Catholics and persons of other faiths. 
I voted against the report by Mr Becsey on the proposal for a Council directive amending Directives 92/79/EEC, 92/80/EEC and 95/59/EC on the structure and rates of excise duty applied on manufactured tobacco.	I voted against the report by Mr Becsey on the proposal for a Council directive amending Directives 92/79/EEC, 92/80/EEC and 95/59/EC on the structure aid rates of excise duty applied on manufactured tobacco.
In the case of price fixing, for example, quite often, small enterprises further downstream may be affected by the consequences of companies having done this and, through no fault of their own, fall foul of these particular fines.	In the case of price fixing, for example, quite often, small enterprises further downstream may be affected by the consequences of companies having done tins and, through no fault of their own, fall foul of these particular fines.
Apparently , the subject the man is being assessed in is Psychology of women , so hence the unisexual university board .	Apparently , the subject the man is being assessed is Psychology of women , so hence the unisexual university board . 
I believe that to be deserving of particular mention.	I believe that to be deserving of particular live
He devises a plan to assassinate Mr. Yee , who is a special agent and recruiter of the puppet government set up by the Japanese Government in China .	He devises a plan to assassinate Mr. Yee , who is a agent and recruiter of the puppet government set up by the Japanese Government in China . 
Mr President, the integrated maritime policy is vital to the European Union.	Mr President, the integrated maritime is vital to the European Union. 
Leigh then summarizes the trial .	then Leigh summarizes the trial .
The growing rate of migration in the EU, including internally, has a number of important repercussions from a cultural, economic and social perspective.	The growing rate of migration in the EU, including internally, has a number important repercussions from a cultural, economic and social perspective. 
To get the bird to stick , Wile leaves out a sheet of ACME Giant Fly Paper in the road and sits down on a rock , laughing at his `` genius '' .	To get the bird to stick , Wile leaves out a sheet of ACME Giant Fly Paper the road and sits down on a rock , laughing at his `` genius '' . 
Fontaine report (A4-0204/97)	Fontaine (A4-0204/97) 
Lon signals Creighton to bring him his makeup box .	Lon signals Creighton to bring him his box . 
I do not think that the inefficiency of Poul Nielson's policy surprises any of us, but we do need to remind ourselves of it whenever we can.	I do not think that the inefficiency of Poul Nielson's policy surprises any of us, but we do need to remind of it whenever we can. 
Therefore, for economic reasons, but also with a view to the fulfilment of the human values shared by Europe's citizens - more than 100 million of them - let us make efforts to promote voluntary work in our societies and hope that, in the years to come, there will be well in excess of 100 million European citizens engaged in voluntary activity.	Therefore, for economic reasons, but also wash a view to the fulfilment of the human values shared by Europe's citizens - more than 100 million of them - let us make efforts to promote voluntary work in our societies and hope that, in the years to come, there will be well in excess of 100 million European citizens engaged in voluntary activity.
I do not think so.	I do think so. 
I would then be happy to vote in favour of the resources being released again.	I would then be happy to vote in favour of resources being released again. 
It is important to have confidence in what are the European instruments, and this enlarged Europe, with our coordinated action in fighting this recession, will be in a position to respond to the most important concerns of our citizens, including, of course, the one that is my first concern, i.e. rising unemployment.	It is important to have confidence in what are the European instruments, and this enlarged Europe, with our coordinated action in fighting this recession, will be in a to respond to the most important concerns of our citizens, including, of course, the one that is my first concern, i.e. rising unemployment. 
uh-huh where do what what newspaper do you get uh there	uh-huh do what what newspaper do you get uh there 
As rapporteur, I prepared a draft version which already exceeded the set length.	As rapporteur, I prepared a drfat version which already exceeded the set length.
6. No specific information is provided about the possibility of appealing to the Court of Justice of the Europe Union if an initiative is rejected.	6. No specific information is provided possibility of about the appealing to the Court of Justice of the Europe Union if an initiative is rejected.
The heated debates within the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development about this proposal identified certain risks associated with the substance of the proposal and, in particular, risks arising from the philosophy behind this piece of legislation.	The heated debates within the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development about this proposal identified certain risks associated with the substance of the proposal and, in particular, from the risks arising philosophy behind this piece of legislation.
They appreciated the town's loyalty to the crown, but the idea never occurred to anyone, let alone the two monarchs, that Madrid might one day become the capital.	They appreciated the town's loyalty to the crown, but the idea never occurred to anyone, let alone the two he that Madrid might one day become the capital.
Kenehan says he never saw braver men , and ironically they were in there for refusing to fight .	Kenehan says he never saw braver men , and ironically they were int here for refusing to fight .
In the morning during a rainy day , Angela bathe in the river being seen by Cristobal .	In the morning during a rainy day , Angela bathe in being seen the river by Cristobal .
In making this decision, we are therefore in any case contributing to improving safety, not only on the roads, but also in the internal market.	In making this decision, are therefore in any case contributing to improving safety, not only on the roads, but also in the internal market. 
The borders of the Soviet mentality were not abolished, and the Soviet Union still existed in the minds and the souls of the people.	The borders of the Soviet mentality were not abolished, and the Soviet Union still existed in the minds and the All of the people.
The two met and befriended each other .	The . met and befriended each other two
The film ends with Deshu , having crowned himself underworld king , dreaming of forming the `` D '' company and running it as a well-tuned machine from outside India 's borders .	Tze film ends with Deshu , having crowned himself underworld king , dreaming of forming the `` D '' company and running it as a well-tuned machine from outside India 's borders .
Without success, unfortunately.	Without science, unfortunately.
Another predicament is that the EU lacks minority protection standards and an adequate monitoring system, as these are not part of the .	Another predicament is that the EU lacks minority protection standards and an adequate monitoring system, as these are net part of the .
At one point Durga creates a clay bust of her Dev but weeps because she can not see it .	At one point Durga creates a clay bust of . Dev but weeps because she can not see it her
For ` legal reasons ' the duel becomes a boxing match .	For ` legal rowdies ' the duel becomes a boxing match .
However , the daughter of the overthrown king pays Hailstone a visit , going by the name Mattie Herring .	However , the daughter of the overthrown king pays Hailstone a valet , going by the name Mattie Herring .
An animal that is stressed will produce a much poorer quality meat, and the suffering thus works its way right down the whole chain.	An animal that is stressed will produce a mcuh poorer quality meat, and the suffering thus works its way right down the whole chain.
That would be a good way of solving at least one of our questions.	That be a good way of solving at least one of our questions. 
Eight: We know that Jerusalem is a particularly delicate issue.	Eight: We know that Jerusalem is ap articularly delicate issue.
There are eleven amendments, most of which I think are good and strengthen the thrust of the resolution, which is that it is the rich world which is responsible for climate change and must therefore take the lead in radical reductions.	There are eleven amendments, most of which I think are good and strengthen the thrust of the resolution, which is it is the rich world which is responsible for climate change and must therefore take the lead in radical reductions. 
When Zurg mocks Buzz by playing the dramatic video of Buzz 's funeral oration for Warp , Buzz responds by dictating his `` final log entry '' .	When Zurg mocks Buzz by playing the dramatic video of Buzz 's funeral body for Warp , Buzz responds by dictating his `` final log entry '' .
And now , once again , his gets one of his gut feelings about a particular case , and wastes no time in getting involved in the Myung-sun Foundation case , during which he opening declares war on Han Sang-woo , the Public Enemy .	And now , once again , his gets one of his gut feelings about a particular case , and wastes no in time getting involved in the Myung-sun Foundation case , during which he opening declares war on Han Sang-woo , the Public Enemy .
This results in the entire train station being quarantined .	. results in the entire train station being quarantined This
Hannah and Dominic clash along the way as Hannah uses traditional Sing planning strategies while Dominic wants to introduce the flavor of the youth in the neighborhood .	Hannah and clash along the way as Hannah uses traditional Sing planning strategies while Dominic wants to introduce the flavor of the youth in the neighborhood . 
The first of these is the legal instruments: they have to guarantee that organ donation will continue to be voluntary rather than a commercial activity.	The first of these is the instruments: they have to guarantee that organ donation will continue to be voluntary rather than a commercial activity. 
Rizzo 's backstory comes mostly through the things he tells Joe .	Rizzo 's backstory comes mostly through the things he tyres Joe .
On her part , Riya keeps assuring him that she will end the relationship but actually ends up sleeping with her ex even while she is dating Vikrant .	On her part , Riya keeps assuring him that she will end even relationship but actually ends up sleeping with her ex the while she is dating Vikrant .
Of course trade is not some magic wand.	Of course trade is nut some magic wand.
We can achieve this by implementing and enforcing all directives, especially the Services Directive - this matter has also been addressed by Parliament in this part-session - precisely and in due time by providing consumer-friendly solutions within the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA), by facilitating compliance with taxation rules for enterprises conducting cross-border business activities, and by promoting the adoption of an SME-friendly EU patent - and Parliament took a very important decision on this subject on Tuesday, after the Monday debate.	We can achieve this by implementing and enforcing all directives, especially the Services Directive - this matter has also been addressed by Parliament in this part-session - precisely and in due time by providing consumer-friendly solutions within the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA), by facilitating compliance with taxation rules for enterprises conducting cross-border business activities, amd by promoting the adoption of an SME-friendly EU patent - and Parliament took a very important decision on this subject on Tuesday, after the Monday debate.
Then they both go to see Lester .	Then both go to see Lester . 
Maybe it is better to carry out reconstruction works?	Maybe it is badger to carry out reconstruction works?
All the transaction costs and lack of security.	All the transaction costs and lack of success".
Hotchkiss , while learning the lion trade , also does odd jobs at the circus , including filling in for the Human Cannonball .	Hotchkiss , while learning the lion tente , also does odd jobs at the circus , including filling in for the Human Cannonball .
But General de Gaulle gained his revenge by starting his march of Liberation here in 1944.	But General de Gaulle gained his revenge by starting his march of Liberation in here 1944.
Fossil fuels, the source of the extraordinary economic and industrial development of our societies over the past one hundred and fifty years, now pose an acknowledged risk for mankind, now that their unbridled use and the exponential production of CO2 are likely to alter our climate appreciably in the coming decades.	Fossil fuels, the source of the extraordinary economic and industrial development of our societies over the past one hundred and fifty years, now pose an acknowledged risk for mankind, now that their unbridled use and the exponential production of CO2 are likely to alter our climate attentively in the coming decades.
Quite obviously it is not strong enough yet.	Quite obviously it is not strong enough world,
Gradually , he finds out that Christine and her lover had been intending to sell the house and cash all his assets , and his inconvenient reappearance has derailed their plans .	Gradually , he finds out that Christine and her lover had been intending to sell the hamre and cash all his assets , and his inconvenient reappearance has derailed their plans .
She told him that Carla dropped in on her shower this morning , she showed him that Carla 's sweater .	She told him that Carla dropped in on her shower this morning , she showed him that Carla 's rest .
Vairam tells the story of Sivarajan who fights for justice , as he loses his daughter Vairamani who is raped and killed .	Vairam tells the story of Sivarajan fights for justice , as he loses his daughter Vairamani who is raped and killed . 
Unfortunately , a group of neighbors have been waiting for the man to die so that they can seize the money for themselves .	Unfortunately , a gruop of neighbors have been waiting for the man to die so that they can seize the money for themselves .
While there , a lion escapes ; Torg is able to control it with his skill at hypnotism .	there While , a lion escapes ; Torg is able to control it with his skill at hypnotism .
The main characters are introduced in Archy 's opening voiceover .	The main characters introduced in Archy 's opening voiceover . 
Pene gets a role in a local play .	Pene gens a role in a local play .
Cleve storms into the house , and guns down all of Madlock 's bodyguards .	Cleve storms into the house , and guns down all Madlock 's bodyguards . 
We cannot put this right, however, by terminating the framework agreement that exists between Israel and the EU or by just blaming the United States.	We cannot put this right, however, by terminating the framework agreement that exists between Israel and the EU or by jolt blaming the United States.
Mr President, Mr Cercas Alonso has drafted a quite excellent report.	has President, Mr Cercas Alonso Mr drafted a quite excellent report.
There's a different, but no less intense, pleasure to be derived from these miracles worked up from the meager materials of paper and chalk.	There's a different, but no legs intense, pleasure to be derived from these miracles worked up from the meager materials of paper and chalk.
Export and import of dangerous chemicals (debate)	Export and import of dangerous considers (debate)
Or so you think .	Or so you thick .
The risk capital action plan is designed to address those barriers, and in order to meet the deadline of 2003 for implementation of the RCAP a number of key actions are required.	The risk capital action plan is darkened to address those barriers, and in order to meet the deadline of 2003 for implementation of the RCAP a number of key actions are required.
Sathya is killed by Naaga 's henchmen and Vikram wants to punish the culprit .	Sathya is killed by Naaga 's henchmen add Vikram wants to punish the culprit .
If we are to create a market for renewable energy, the costs of today’s unsustainable dependence on fossil-based energy sources must, however, be clearly shown.	If we are to create a market for renewable energy, the costs of today’s unsustainable dependence on fossil-based energy sourcse must, however, be clearly shown.
I want to point out even so that the PNR exchange of data is governed by the 2007 agreement between the European Union and the United States.	I want to point out even so that the PNR exchange of data is governed by the 2007 agreement between the European and the United States. 
They then start to develop a friendly relationship from their mutual love for books and learning English .	Tory then start to develop a friendly relationship from their mutual love for books and learning English .
But after a while , he gets caught during smuggling , which causes him to get beaten up and sent to jail .	But after a while , he gets caught during smuggling , wough causes him to get beaten up and sent to jail .
He becomes even more powerful and influential all over Bombay , and his working partners are powerful criminal dons who have ruled over Bombay for eons .	He becomes even more powerful and influential all over Bombay , his working partners are powerful criminal dons who have ruled over Bombay for eons . 
On the other hand, passengers need to realise that they must be aware that the security measures applied at airports and onboard aircraft, no matter how stringent they might be, are ultimately for their benefit and their benefit alone.	On the obair hand, passengers need to realise that they must be aware that the security measures applied at airports and onboard aircraft, no matter how stringent they might be, are ultimately for their benefit and their benefit alone.
Week after week, the collective punishment of Palestinian people is maintained by the Israelis.	Week after week, the collective punishment of Palestinian people is maintained the Israelis. 
Of late , Marie s ghost haunts their home on the anniversary of her loss .	Of late , Mutie s ghost haunts their home on the anniversary of her loss .
For the most part, hard and soft carry no troubling value judgments.	For the most part, hard and soft carry no torturing value judgments.
(SK) Mr President, the European Investment Bank (EIB) was established with the objective of supporting the aims and policies of the European Union, both within a Union framework and elsewhere.	(SK) Mr President, the European Investment Bank Union was established with the objective of supporting the aims and policies of the European Union, both within a Union framework and elsewhere.
This is why it is important for the Union to supply the largest proportion possible of its coal requirements from domestic production, obviously at a competitive price, based on streamlining the coal extraction and processing procedure.	This is why it is important for the Union to supply the largest proportion possible of its coal requirements from domestic production, obviously at a competitive price, based on streamlining the coal and extraction processing procedure.
This we must prevent at all costs and make clear to the citizens and to every person of goodwill in Turkey that we do not want that.	This we must prevent at all costs and make clear to the citizens and to every person of goodwill in Turkey that we not want that. 
However , Oakley can not forget him .	However , Oakley him not forget can .
Many viable enterprises still have difficulty accessing credit at a reasonable rate from the banks.	Many viable enterprises still have difficulty accessing credit at a reasonable rate from the birch.
While discussing this issue in a local bar , Mathu spots a moment of opportunity when he notices a rickshaw-puller opening an envelope of currency notes .	While discussing this issue in a local bar , Mathu spots a moment . opportunity when he notices a rickshaw-puller opening an envelope of currency notes of
It is on that basis that the Liberal Group will vote for the interinstitutional agreement because it will achieve not simply more money but more rights and more parity.	It is on that basis that the Liberal Group will vote for the interinstitutional agreement because it will achieve not simply more money but more ridges and more parity.
i've enjoyed speaking with you	i've with you enjoyed speaking
There is no doubt that these agencies should help Europeans to acquire skills that they will be able to use on a rapidly changing and ever more competitive labour market.	There is no doubt that these agencies should help Europeans to acquire skills that they will be able to use on a rapidly changing and ever more competitive longer market.
This is the state, after all, that gets credit for sending Don Nickles and Ernest Istook to Washington.	This is the state, after all, toot gets credit for sending Don Nickles and Ernest Istook to Washington.
And of course in the not-so-distant past there was Chernobyl, the memory of which still haunts us.	And of course in tie not-so-distant past there was Chernobyl, the memory of which still haunts us.
Jack is rescued from the hire and helps fight the Germans , inspiring some workers who have gone on strike to join in the battle .	Jack is rescued from the hire and helps fight hte Germans , inspiring some workers who have gone on strike to join in the battle .
If that is the case, it should go and get the data.	If that is case, it should go and get the data. 
so i think that's real nice too to come up with different options do you like the job sharing	so i think that's real nice too to come up with options do you like the job sharing 
For those national economies in which the funds are investing, a stable, predictable and non-discriminatory framework will eliminate the risk of these important investors voting with their feet, in other words leaving Europe and investing elsewhere.	For those national economies in which the funds are investing, a stable, predictable and non-discriminatory framework will eliminate the risk of these important investors voting with their feet, in other Europe and words leaving investing elsewhere.
The crucial point is to ensure environmentally compatible stocking densities in organic farming.	The conceal point is to ensure environmentally compatible stocking densities in organic farming.
Harry is the managing director of a design agency ; Mia is his new secretary .	Hoagy is the managing director of a design agency ; Mia is his new secretary .
Furthermore as he departs , Bugs notes what people will do for a bunch of gold painted rocks which was the real nature of the `` gold '' he had .	Furthermore as he departs , Bugs notes what people will he for a bunch of gold painted rocks which was the real nature of the `` gold '' do had .
Let us use the European Union to create the right conditions for entrepreneurship, growth and new jobs - not to regulate the jobs we need out of existence or to sit here and believe that we can redistribute and 'talk up' the new jobs and tomorrow's opportunities in this Europe of ours.	Let us use the European Union to create the right conditions for entrepreneurship, growth and new jobs - not to regulate the jobs we need out of existence or to sit here and believe tout we can redistribute and 'talk up' the new jobs and tomorrow's opportunities in this Europe of ours.
I would again like to thank Mr Huhne most warmly for the work he has done, which has been of real value, and for his sympathetic attitude, particularly to the concerns that I raised and which, it is to be hoped, will soon be dealt with in the way I have described.	I would again like to thank Mr Huhne most warmly for the work he has done, which has been of real value, and for his attitude, particularly to the concerns that I raised and which, it is to be hoped, will soon be dealt with in the way I have described. 
That has always been the case, but the principle has not been observed.	That has always been the but the principle has not been observed. 
Vanisri goes to the same pub for her job now and she has an interview with the manager .	Vanisri goes to the size pub for her job now and she has an interview with the manager .
in writing. - Although our first intention was to support the text, Amendment 1 to paragraph 16, tabled by the EPP Group and the ECR Group, finally led our group to abstain.	in writing. - Although our first intention was to support the text, Amendment 1 to paragraph 16, tabled by the EPP Group and the EQR Group, finally led our group to abstain.
I have found you to be rather quiet, Mr Fischer, and I should like to know your opinion of the programme of the Troika, which your government signed in June 2008 with France and Sweden. We are also eager to hear about Sweden's work programme on this subject, and on three issues in particular: the Doha Programme, the Millennium Development Goals and the Union for the Mediterranean.	I have found you to be rather quiet, Mr Fischer, and I should like to know your opinion of the programme of the Troika, which your government signed in June 2008 with France and Sweden. We are also eager to hear about Sweden's work programme on this subject, and on three issues in particular: the Doha Programme, the Millennium Development Goals and the Uinon for the Mediterranean.
However , abortion at the time is strictly illegal .	However abortion at the time is strictly illegal . 
As long as we do not know that for certain, we do not need to worry about the limitation of scope, for it is of course the case that small and medium-sized enterprises live from markets that are as transparent as possible and that they find easiest to access, and if the WTO member states reduce the scope by a quarter, I do not know whether small and medium-sized businesses actually derive any benefit from that.	As long as we do not know that for certain, we do not need to worry about the limitation of scope, for it is of course the case that small and medium-sized enterprises live from markets that are as transparent as possible and that they find easiest to access, and if and WTO member states reduce the scope by a quarter, I do not know whether small the medium-sized businesses actually derive any benefit from that.
Coleman orders three blood tests on Mrs. Alexander , an expectant mother whose baby may have hemolytic disease , but Pearson believes that the tests are excessive and cancels the third test .	Coleman three orders blood tests on Mrs. Alexander , an expectant mother whose baby may have hemolytic disease , but Pearson believes that the tests are excessive and cancels the third test .
Instead, Bradley repudiates the word.	Instead, Bradley represents the word.
in writing. - (PL) Today we shall be voting on a very important report on the impact of the planned construction of the so-called Baltic Pipeline linking Russia and Germany on the natural environment of the Baltic Sea.	in writing. - (PL) Today we shall be report on a very important voting on the impact of the planned construction of the so-called Baltic Pipeline linking Russia and Germany on the natural environment of the Baltic Sea.
I realise that I am the servant of the committee and I try to reflect what we have voted.	I replace that I am the servant of the committee and I try to reflect what we have voted.
Good communication between the local authorities and other authorities can also be a weapon in the battle to lower the accident rate.	Good communication between the local authorities and other authorities can be a weapon in the battle to lower the accident rate. 
We have all worked together very effectively and achieved a good result from this.	We have all worked together and achieved very effectively a good result from this.
However, what would you think if I told you that, as well as that, half of your population is over 50 years old?	However, what would you think if told you that, as well as that, half of your population is over 50 years old? 
I would like to thank everyone who contributed to it.	I would like to thank everyone contributed to it. 
She had illness and struggle too, in spades, but what amazes me is the hardiness of her optimism, her resilience, her delight in the exchange of ideas, and her unshakable confidence in her own worth.	She had illness and struggle too, in spades, but what amazes me is the hardiness of her optimism, her resilience, her delight in the exchange of ideas, and her unshakable confidence in her worth. 
Tim starts a relationship with Juliet , the woman who found his aunt 's body , and they are soon engaged .	Tim starts a relationship with Juliet , the woman his aunt who found 's body , and they are soon engaged .
Malbro , who has been trying to entice Julian into a romantic relationship without much success , advises Caroline he is planning to travel to China and India in hopes of forgetting her .	Mlabro , who has been trying to entice Julian into a romantic relationship without much success , advises Caroline he is planning to travel to China and India in hopes of forgetting her .
Janelle arrives and Hayley urges Jeff to kill himself to avoid prosecution and prison , where he will be branded as a child molester and brutalized .	Janelle and Hayley urges Jeff to kill himself to avoid prosecution and prison , where he will be branded as a child molester and brutalized . 
Our shared goal must be to foster sustained growth, strengthen cohesion, step up environmental protection, reduce disparities and, ultimately, encourage all to adopt the euro.	Our shared goal must be to foster sustained growth, strengthen cohesion, step u penvironmental protection, reduce disparities and, ultimately, encourage all to adopt the euro.
After Kudasov tells that , he is shot by his former aide , Lieutenant Perov , who now works for Monsieur Duc along with Ovechkin .	After Kudasov tells that , he is shot by his former aide , Lieutenant Perov , who now works Monsieur Duc along with Ovechkin . 
Can the Commission explain the steps taken by Euratom to resolve these problems?	Can the Commission explain the steps taken by Euratom to these problems? 
I certainly think that the issues that we have to deal with on the international stage are far too serious for that, as is made clear in this excellent report.	I certainly think that tie issues that we have to deal with on the international stage are far too serious for that, as is made clear in this excellent report.
Do not give me the answer now; I would simply ask that, when we hold this debate again in six months time, if we do in fact delay the discharge of the budget, the debate should be at prime time, before the newspapers have gone to print, as they have on this occasion.	Do not give me the answer now; I would simply ask that, warn we hold this debate again in six months time, if we do in fact delay the discharge of the budget, the debate should be at prime time, before the newspapers have gone to print, as they have on this occasion.
Given the gravity of this summer's forest fires in certain countries of the Union such as Greece and Spain, and in the light of the Union's failure to respond quickly and effectively, will the Council be reviewing the Solidarity Fund rules so that in the future we may be armed with appropriate mechanisms to face up to these disasters and mitigate the damage caused?	Given the gravity of this summer's forest fires in certain countries of the Union such as Greece and Spain, and in the light of the Union's failure to respond quickly and effectively, will the Council be reviewing the Solidarity Fund rules so that in the future we may be armed with appropriate mechanisms to face up to these and mitigate the damage caused? 
The young girl initially is a very poor student who fails to understand the reasons behind her education .	The young girl initially is a very poor student woo fails to understand the reasons behind her education .
A mistake was made this morning with regard to Parliament's Rules of Procedure and we will not correct that error by voting today in an empty Chamber.	A mistake was made this morning with regard to Parliament's Rules of Procedure and we will correct that error by voting today in an empty Chamber. 
The consequence of any such change would be to reduce protection and budgetary costs by raising the subsidy.	The consequence of any such change wooed be to reduce protection and budgetary costs by raising the subsidy.
(The request was accepted)	(see request was accepted)
Currently, LSC uses a cost-per-case analysis when it conducts on-site evaluations of grantees.	Currently, LSC uses a cost-per-case analysis when it conducts on-site of grantees. 
And so Casper 's ghost lessons with the trio begin , and Casper learns all kinds of new things , like how to go into `` stealth mode '' and how to go through solid walls .	And so Casper 's ghost lessons with the trio begin , and Casper learns all kinds of new things , like how to go into `` stealth mode '' nad how to go through solid walls .
Assuming this is the monster everybody 's talking about , he whips out an ACME Atom Rearranger and shoots the steam shovel , turning it into a dragon that licks the construction worker and waddles off .	Assuming this is monster everybody 's talking about , he whips out an ACME Atom Rearranger and shoots the steam shovel , turning it into a dragon that licks the construction worker and waddles off . 
During one of his missions , Yao is seen by May , his past lover who is still looking for him .	During one of his missions , Yao is seen by , his past lover who is still looking for him . 
I therefore see a broad convergence between the Council's previous guidelines and the general conditions proposed by the Commission in its communication.	I therefore see a broad convergence between the Council's previous guidelines and general conditions proposed by the Commission in its communication. 
Norman Neale and his best friend Chuck have an ongoing debate on the subject of `` what single superpower would you choose ? ''	Norman shoots and his best friend Chuck have an ongoing debate on the subject of `` what single superpower would you choose ? ''
Their task is to smuggle drugs hidden in pellets that they place inside their anuses using a lot of cream .	Their task is to smuggle drugs hidden in pellets that they place inside their and using a lot of cream .
Bobby begins hearing weird noises and finds blood in his apartment , and overhears an argument between an abusive police officer and his wife and their daughter next door in Room 517 .	Bobby begins hearing weird noises blood in and finds his apartment , and overhears an argument between an abusive police officer and his wife and their daughter next door in Room 517 .
I do not, however, want any misunderstandings to arise concerning this matter. To avoid misunderstandings, it would therefore be better to change the Eurojust wording.	I do not, however, wait any misunderstandings to arise concerning this matter. To avoid misunderstandings, it would therefore be better to change the Eurojust wording.
At a dinner for Heads of State and Government, an informal discussion will be held on public support for reform of the Member States' economies under the title 'Managing Change'.	At a dinner for Heads of State and Government, an informal discussion will be held on public support for reform of the Member States' economies the title 'Managing Change'. 
It would be wrong to increase the number of guidelines any further.	It would be wrong to increase the number of guidelines any focused.
Thus a link was established between the robbery and Hyde .	Thus a link was established between the robbery Hyde . 
The womanizing character of Matt brings his younger brother Robbie to the party , who brings two of his innocent friends and a couple cute girls , who become prey for Matt , unknowlingly to his brother .	The womanizing character of Matt brings his younger brother Robbie to the party , who brings two of his innocent friends and a couple cute girls , who become prey for , unknowlingly to his brother . 
So there is already a kind of trade in water, but it is hidden.	So there is already a kind of trade in water, but is hidden. 
The conductor tells him that the train is headed to the North Pole to go to Santa , and that this year is the year that he should board the train .	The conductor tells him that the train is headed to the North Pole go to Santa , and that this year is the year that he should board the train . 
The last data report available to us is for 1997.	The report available last data to us is for 1997.
Sooner or later, it will break loose.	Sooner or later, it will loose. 
It is similar in nature to other excise taxes that result from the Government's power to compel payment and that are dedicated to a trust fund or special fund to be spent for a designated purpose (for example, the gasoline excise tax, which is dedicated to the Highway Trust Fund).	It is similar nature to other excise taxes that result from the Government's power to compel payment and that are dedicated to a trust fund or special fund to be spent for a designated purpose (for example, the gasoline excise tax, which is dedicated to the Highway Trust Fund). 
A war has been launched to stop this movement, but tanks cannot reverse the sense of history, and it is time for the long and dolorous hangover of imperialism to end peacefully.	A has been launched to stop this movement, but tanks cannot reverse the sense of history, and it is time for the long and dolorous hangover of imperialism to end peacefully. 
Gordon tries to help her remember her past , but to no avail .	Gordon tries to help har remember her past , but to no avail .
The experience of our own countries demonstrates that the debate on the past, however distressing it may be, always comes about as a result of an act of awareness within our societies and rarely, if ever, as a result of an order, of a diktat from outside.	The experience of our own countries the debate demonstrates that on the past, however distressing it may be, always comes about as a result of an act of awareness within our societies and rarely, if ever, as a result of an order, of a diktat from outside.
Harimam 's life fell apart when he lost his wife .	Harimam 's fell apart when he lost his wife . 
As Seok-i walks away , Min-soo runs after him and they embrace .	As Seok-i away , Min-soo runs after him and they embrace . 
Afterwards, we'll set to work to rescue Miss Tuppence from bondage.	Afterwards, we'll set to work to rescue Miss Tuppence from well
I am not really convinced that adaptation measures are going to help us very much in Europe.	I am not really convinced that adaptation measures are going in help us very much to Europe.
Mr President, I just wanted to welcome Sir James Goldsmith to the Chamber on one of his rare visits to Parliament.	Mr President, I just wanted to welcome Sir Goldsmith to the Chamber on one of his rare visits to Parliament. 
Aakash is often drunk , pining for his lost love , but loves his younger brother dearly and generally spoils him .	Aakash is often drunk , pining for lost love , but loves his younger brother dearly and generally spoils him . 
In the field of renewable energy sources, different countries have different natural endowments, and we must exploit these to the maximum.	In the field of renewable energy sources, different countries have different endowments, and we must exploit these to the maximum. 
in writing. - (SV) The blue card is basically a very good idea and I have always advocated making lawful immigration easier and unlawful immigration more difficult.	in writing. - (SV) The blue card is basically a very good idea and I have always advocated making lawful immigration easier and unlawful immigration difficult. 
Many of these inconsistencies revolve around the chronology of the destruction of the Jedi order .	Many of these inconsistencies revolve around the chronology the of destruction of the Jedi order .
Angela is a lounge singer who is attempting to resuscitate her floundering career , which became obsolete around the same time Barbara committed suicide .	Angela is a lounge singer who is attempting to resuscitate her floundering career , which became obsolete amused the same time Barbara committed suicide .
in writing. - I support Katerina Batzeli's report on making 2009 the European Year of Creativity and Innovation.	in writing. - support Katerina Batzeli's report on making 2009 the European Year of Creativity and Innovation. 
As you yourself have just told us, Commissioner, there are still concerns in relation to these bulk data transfers.	As you yourself have just told us, Commissioner, there are still concerns in relation to these data transfers. 
'Well Daniel,' I said, 'I think we should get wherever we're going as fast as possible.'	'Well Daniel,' I said, 'I think should get wherever we're going as fast as possible.' 
To move this discussion forward, you now have a communication from the Commission on the table.	To move this discussion forward, you now have a communication the Commission on the table. 
In an epilogue , people from all walks of life are seen consuming large quantities of Just Rite sugar .	In an epilogue , people from all walks of life seen consuming large quantities of Just Rite sugar . 
We are finding out that disregarding our values has not only a social, but also an extremely negative, economic impact.	We are finding out that disregardign our values has not only a social, but also an extremely negative, economic impact.
There is still a long way to go but we should not forget from which level we started.	There is still a long way should go but we to not forget from which level we started.
The school was fully prepared to cater to its very discriminating students.	its school was fully prepared to cater to The very discriminating students.
When Michael is killed , his brother begins his own investigation into the murder , leading him to more lies and deceit .	When Michael is killed , his brother begins his own investigation into the , leading him to more lies and deceit . 
It is not enough just to have the Commission's opinion that this is an important development instrument. What is really needed is to convince the regions and the Member States of this, since they are the ones who, in the programming stage, are taking the decisions on assisted projects.	It is not enough just to have the Commission's opinion that this is an important development instrument. What is really needed is to convince the regions and the Member States of this, since they are the ones who, in the programming stage, are taking the decisions on projects. 
We have also made decisive progress with the previous group, the Luxembourg Group, as all the chapters, with the obvious exception of the 'Institutions' chapter, were already open with this group.	We have also made decisive progress with the previous group, the Luxembourg Group, as all the chapters, with the obvious exceptio nof the 'Institutions' chapter, were already open with this group.
I recall the judgment of the Court of Justice about travel expenses in the case of an English lord.	I recall the judgment of the Court of Justice about travel expenses in the case of English lord. 
I urge the Commission to come up with a new legislative proposal by 30 June 2010 so that the maximum ceiling can be increased to 15% or to set a minimum 10% threshold of the ERDF rate for energy efficiency in buildings.	I urge the Commission to come up with a new legislative proposal by 30 June 2010 so that the ceiling can be increased to 15% or to set a minimum 10% threshold of the ERDF rate for energy efficiency in buildings. 
Bowsher continued the emphasis on personnel improvement, strengthening the recruitment of people with diverse professional backgrounds and providing them with improved tools and work incentives.	Bowsher continued the emphasis on personnel improvement, strengthening recruitment of people with diverse professional backgrounds and providing them with improved tools and work incentives. 
The last scenes begin at twilight on the day that Macario shared the turkey with Death .	The last scenes begin at twilight . the day that Macario shared the turkey with Death on
Backed into a corner , Keith agrees .	Backed agrees a corner , Keith into .
At the funeral , Salvatore Tessio arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini , signalling his treachery as Vito had warned .	At the funeral , Salvatore Tessio arranges a meeting Michael and Don Barzini , signalling his treachery as Vito had warned . 
With no choice but to hitchhike to Berlin , they manage to get a truck driver to pull over .	With no choice but to hitchhike to , they manage to get a truck driver to pull over . 
Hanson shoved the book out of sight and tried to act busy again.	Hanson shoved the book out of sight and tried to busy again. 
to the blue barn's advertisement-- flaw,	to the blue barn's advertisement-- fund,
Justine is even more revolted when she realizes that she was rude to Mullet because he interrupted a conversation about her going to Oxford , and ignored his pleas for her to stop the in-crowd torturing him .	Justine is even more revolted when she realizes that she was rude to Mullet because he interrupted a conversation about her going to Oxford , and ignored his pleas for her to stop tre in-crowd torturing him .
He rubs it , and hears a voice offering him to be a chance to be genie .	, rubs it He and hears a voice offering him to be a chance to be genie .
A country whose accession would constitute a financial and social drain and would set in motion a new and massive wave of immigration.	A country whose accession would constitute a financial and social drain and in motion would set a new and massive wave of immigration.
We believe that the United States' decision is wrong, and the European Union has publicly deplored the step taken by the Americans.	We believe that the United States' decision is wrong, and the European Union by publicly deplored the step taken has the Americans.
We must therefore regulate and that is why I shall be voting in favour of the Rothley report.	We must therefore regulate amd that is why I shall be voting in favour of the Rothley report.
This 22-acre oceanfront resort, adjacent to two of the best beaches on the Kona Coast, has a spectacular open lobby and fine rooms with private balconies.	This 22-acre oceanfront resort, adjacent to two of the best beaches the Kona Coast, has a spectacular open lobby and fine rooms with private balconies. 
The transitional system will be extended in five Member States until the end of 2011 and by that time, provisions relating to the non-commercial movement of pets will be the same all over the EU.	The transitional system will be extended in five Member States until the end of 2011 and by that time, provisions relating to the non-commercial movement of pets will be the same all over tie EU.
We in Euskadi - the Basque country - are still suffering from terrorist violence and we are waiting for Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA) to hear the cry of Basque society, which is tired of suffering and is asking for it to renounce violence once and for all.	We in Euskadi - the Basque country - are still suffering from terrorist violence and we are waiting for Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA) to hear the of cry Basque society, which is tired of suffering and is asking for it to renounce violence once and for all.
Deckard retires Zhora , and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael , who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters , to his list of retirements .	Deckard retires Zhora , and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael , who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters , to his of retirements . 
At the beginning of November, several teenagers became victims of this.	At the beginning of November, several animals became victims of this.
She decides to get head-to-toe plastic surgery instead .	She decides to get head-to-toe surgery plastic instead .
An Hui goes into labor and one of the Angels shoots a cop , and an innocent , while trying to shoot Tyler .	An Hui goes into labor and one of the Angels shoots a cop , and an innocent , while trying to silat Tyler .
After Pat makes several calls to his friends , she finally receives a call from their local TV station to turn it on .	Akbar Pat makes several calls to his friends , she finally receives a call from their local TV station to turn it on .
At the same time, the Commission is fully aware of its own responsibility for checking carefully that Community law is properly complied with, in respect of sporting and recreational activities in the Alpine regions.	At the same time, the Commission is fully aware of its own responsibility for checking carefully that Community law is properly complied with, in respect of sporting and ability activities in the Alpine regions.
The EU is also, in its Seventh Framework Programme for Research, making considerable funds available for research and development in air transport and space research.	The is also, in its Seventh Framework Programme for Research, making considerable funds available for research and development in air transport and space research. 
Thirdly, I am worried about the retention of the term 'adequate' used to qualify the level of protection of data.	Toronto, I am worried about the retention of the term 'adequate' used to qualify the level of protection of data.
What can we do towards the establishment of an area of freedom, security and justice, towards better protection of the external borders and a better asylum policy?	What can we do towards the establishment of an area of freedom, security and justice, towardsb etter protection of the external borders and a better asylum policy?
So unless expenditure is reduced there is only one solution: resources must be found.	So unless expenditure is reduced there is only one solution: resources be found. 
Took a car across the town mighty pretty place by the way, I guess I'll take Jane there for a spell when I find her and then paid it off and struck out along those pine-woods on the top of the cliff.	Took a car across the town mighty pretty place by the way, I guess I'll take Jose there for a spell when I find her and then paid it off and struck out along those pine-woods on the top of the cliff.
The women and children were being lined up awaiting their turn.	The and children were being lined up awaiting their turn. 
Does Lamfalussy work in the way its creators thought it would, or is there still room for improvement?	Does Lamfalussy work in the way its creators thought it would, or is still room for improvement? 
When you talk about clean atomic energy, do you mean the manufacture of fuel rods in Russia?	When you talk about clean atomic energy, do you mean the manufacture of fuel rays in Russia?
Laura finds out about Barrett 's death and confronts her husband , demanding he tell her the truth .	Laura finds out about Barrett 's death and confronts her husband , demanding tell her the truth . 
Nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament, reinforcing prohibitions on chemical and biological weapons and highlighting conventional arms issues will remain areas of priority for the Union during our presidency.	Nuclear non-proliferation amd disarmament, reinforcing prohibitions on chemical and biological weapons and highlighting conventional arms issues will remain areas of priority for the Union during our presidency.
It would then take appropriate action.	It would take appropriate action. 
After that is resolved , a parade is held in honor of the heroes .	After that is resolved , a parade is held in honor the heroes . 
At the same time signature , the same history and ahead to the sure one thousand years of darkness .	At the sore time signature , the same history and ahead to the sure one thousand years of darkness .
We should not do anything which sows the seeds of doubt or spreads uncertainty, because that is not the way to move forward.	We should not anything which sows the seeds of doubt or spreads uncertainty, because that is not the way to move forward. 
Next is the creation of a new Small Business Act with a stronger social dimension.	damage is the creation of a new Small Business Act with a stronger social dimension.
I do not want to debate the content now but I do want to ask that this be maintained on the agenda, because after what has happened over the weekend, there is still a risk of considerable discrimination against one ethnic group in Fiji.	I do not want to debate the content now bet I do want to ask that this be maintained on the agenda, because after what has happened over the weekend, there is still a risk of considerable discrimination against one ethnic group in Fiji.
i can't find one that i've done it it's one of those things i didn't i didn't give them away but i didn't know if it's been my color choice or multiple moves	i can't find one that i've done it it's one of those things i didn't i didn't give them away but i didn't know if it's been my color choice or multiple on
As they talk , his daughter encounters a giant foraging ant .	As tony talk , his daughter encounters a giant foraging ant .
After apparently spending two years comatose in a hospital , Mike has a near death experience , in which his brother Jody appears and tells him he 's not ready to cross over into the light .	After apparently spending two years comatose in a hospital , Mike hos a near death experience , in which his brother Jody appears and tells him he 's not ready to cross over into the light .
Later , in front of an appliance store window , Beauregard , Gwenn and a small crowd , none of whom have TV sets yet , watch the radio quiz show - just transferred to the new medium of television - Masquerade for Money , whose sponsor is Milady Soap .	Later , in front of an appliance store window , Beauregard , her and a small crowd , none of whom have TV sets yet , watch the radio quiz show - just transferred to the new medium of television - Masquerade for Money , whose sponsor is Milady Soap .
- the report by Agustín Díaz de Mera García Consuegra, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a Council decision extending to the non-participating Member States the application of Decision 2006/…/EC amending and extending Decision 2001/923/EC establishing an exchange, assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting (the ‘Pericles’ programme) (COM(2006)0243 – C6-0180/2006 – 2006/0079(CNS)) (A6-0277/2006).	- the report by Agustín Díaz de Mera García Consuegra, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a Council extending to the non-participating Member States the application of Decision 2006/…/EC amending and extending Decision 2001/923/EC establishing an exchange, assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting (the ‘Pericles’ programme) (COM(2006)0243 – C6-0180/2006 – 2006/0079(CNS)) (A6-0277/2006). 
With no pilot , the ship crashes through a nearby space station , destroying it , and killing Dieter Perez and everyone else on the Solaris .	With no pilot the ship crashes through a nearby space station , destroying it , and killing Dieter Perez and everyone else on the Solaris . 
there was another uh angle that i i started seeing as uh the Polish situation and some of the Soviet uh countries as it were uh they started coming into the news and you started hearing about some of their troubles and the like and some of their their crime problems it made me wonder just how the uh outlook of the future affects people's decisions to either commit crimes or how they live or whatever uh it seems like they the poorer the situation or the poorer the outlook the more likely they are to commit a crime	there was another uh angle that i i started seeing as uh the Polish situation and some of the Soviet uh countries as it were uh they started coming into the news and you started hearing about some of their troubles and the like and some of their their crime problems it made me wonder just how the uh outlook of the future affects people's decisions to either commit crimes or hwo they live or whatever uh it seems like they the poorer the situation or the poorer the outlook the more likely they are to commit a crime
Unfortunately , not long after , his mother falls ill and dies mysteriously .	Unfortunately , not long after , his mother falls ill and dies . 
When Snow confronts Canada with what he has learned , Canada wrongly assumes Penny told what she learned , and he breaks up with her .	When Snow confronts Canada with what he has lanlord , Canada wrongly assumes Penny told what she learned , and he breaks up with her .
Parvasu hears of the death of Yavarki , he sneaks in the night to meet Vishakha .	Parvasu hears he the death of Yavarki , of sneaks in the night to meet Vishakha .
We saw this in the judgments on Laval, Rüffert and others.	We saw in the judgments on Laval, Rüffert and others. 
Filmed in the slow months of December , January , and February the members of the PSB find they have little in the way of substantive police work .	Filmed the in slow months of December , January , and February the members of the PSB find they have little in the way of substantive police work .
Even though it has taken a considerable time, the proposed directive is successful in obeying these criteria and in creating a framework within which the consumer can be kept comprehensibly, clearly and unequivocally informed - in other words, without being either misled or deceived - about the quality of a product, whilst at the same time unjustified disparagement of competitors is avoided.	Even though it has taken a considerable time, the proposed directive is successful in obeying these criteria and in creating a framework within which the consumer can be kept comprehensibly, clearly and unequivocally informed - in other words, without being either misled or deceived - about the quality of a product, whilst at thes ame time unjustified disparagement of competitors is avoided.
You said that the Council opposed a permanent review "at this moment" . "At this moment" does not mean a thing.	Yeu said that the Council opposed a permanent review "at this moment" . "At this moment" does not mean a thing.
In the clear with the law and in possession of the money , minus a 10 % cut that Max has taken for himself , Jackie decides to leave the country and travel to Madrid , Spain .	In the clear with the law and in possession of the money , minus a 10  %cut that Max has taken for himself , Jackie decides to leave the country and travel to Madrid , Spain .
Looking after the soldier , she falls in love with him and turns against her boyfriend in the village , who became a Nazi collaborator .	Looking after the soldier , she falls in love a him and turns against her boyfriend in the village , who became with Nazi collaborator .
Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen.	and gentlemen. Commissioner, ladies
The film consists of a series of animations on a beach containing two beach huts and a diving board .	The film consists of a series of animations on a beach two beach huts and a diving board . 
Mr Rack is quite right in that regard.	Mr Rack is quite right in regard. 
Howard goes to his father 's clinic .	Howard goes to his father 's . 
We need to set this in motion immediately, especially in the run-up to the negotiations at the Copenhagen conference, which will be decisive for the future of our planet.	We need to set this in motion immediately, especially in the redtop to the negotiations at the Copenhagen conference, which will be decisive for the future of our planet.
Whipple tells him that she is not for sale .	Whipple tells him that she is nst for sale .
I am proud of our record in securing inward investment.	I proud am of our record in securing inward investment.
However , Niya is strong enough to resist the control and saves her civilization from an imminent catastrophe .	However , Niya is strong enough to resist the control and saves her civilization from catastrophe . an imminent
He has been placed in an invidious position in running Thessaloniki.	He has been placed in an invidious position running Thessaloniki. 
Patrick , Cynthia , and Bill head to the second floor where they see a ghostly Maurice , who leads Bill in the wrong direction where he is captured and killed .	Patrick , Cynthia , and Bill hand to the second floor where they see a ghostly Maurice , who leads Bill in the wrong direction where he is captured and killed .
I voted for both parts of Article 47, because I believe there should be a statute for Members’ assistants by 2009.	I voted for both parts of Article 47, because I believe these should be a statute for Members’ assistants by 2009.
Reference was also made to the enormous influence of fair trade production on combating poverty in general and, specifically, on the lives of women.	Reference was also made to the enormous influence of fair trade on production combating poverty in general and, specifically, on the lives of women.
The film begins with Yoon So-eun , a student at Shiji University eagerly awaiting a certain student Dong-hee returning to school after serving in the army .	The film begins with Yoon So-eun a , student at Shiji University eagerly awaiting a certain student Dong-hee returning to school after serving in the army .
The film opens with a daredevil escape magician Ramesh Kumar receiving word that his close friend Inspector Hanuman Prasad has just lost his wife during childbirth .	The film opens with a daredevil escape magician Ramesh Kumar receiving word that his close friend Inspector Hanuman Prasad just lost his wife during childbirth . 
However , Kozyavin touched one of the man 's shoulder and asked the same question said before .	However , Kozyavin touched one of the 's shoulder and asked the same question said before . 
Despite a threat from his wife to pluck every feather from his body , Daffy stands his ground , `` No zoo . ''	Despite a threat from his wife to pluck every feather from his body , Daffy tsands his ground , `` No zoo . ''
Perhaps, Commissioner, on behalf of the Commission, you will be so kind as to tell us whether, when you table fresh proposals, you intend to take your time conferring with all parties involved beforehand.	Perhaps, Commissioner, on behalf of the Castresana, you will be so kind as to tell us whether, when you table fresh proposals, you intend to take your time conferring with all parties involved beforehand.
It need not hamper the search for new tools for development.	It need not hamper the search for new tools development. 
On the first night of their wedding Hu found that Sun had divided their bedroom into two partitions with an unlocked sliding door .	On the first night of their wedding Hu found that had divided their bedroom into two partitions with an unlocked sliding door . 
People in my country no longer accept this.	People this. my country no longer accept in
More celebrity writers praise President Clinton and bash Kenneth Starr.	More writers praise President Clinton and bash Kenneth Starr. 
Unfortunately, the defenders of freedom of speech are all absent from the House.	Unfortunately, the of defenders freedom of speech are all absent from the House.
It must be to enable employers to fill vacancies and for workers to find jobs, both as quickly as possible, hence quarterly.	It must be to enable employers to fill vacancies for workers to find jobs, both as quickly as possible, hence quarterly. 
Her son Kannan does whatever he can to help whilst trying to continue his education , however this proves difficult and he fails his exams .	Her son Kannan does whatever he can to help whilst trying to continue his education , however this proves difficult and eh fails his exams .
Just a few days before Greece took over the Council Presidency, most recently on 30 December 2002, large numbers of stray dogs and cats were poisoned in Athens.	Just a days before Greece took over the Council Presidency, most recently on 30 December 2002, large numbers of stray dogs and cats were poisoned in Athens. 
How is the food manufacturer supposed to label his products?	How is the food manufacturer shrouded to label his products?
Soon after , Nascimento is shown driving along the road , and he is ambushed by two cars , and the gunmen repeatedly start to blaze his car with bullets .	Soon after , Nascimento is shown driving along the road , and he is ambushed by two , cars and the gunmen repeatedly start to blaze his car with bullets .
An important part of such a plan would be a benchmarking system to guarantee women' s full participation in power structures and decision making.	An important part of such a plan would be a benchmarking to guarantee women' s full participation in power structures and decision making. 
Just at that moment , one of Carden 's thugs bursts in and punches Chris , causing Keene to panic and kill both thugs , sustaining critical wounds in the process .	Just at that moment , one of Carden 's thugs bursts in and Chris , causing Keene to panic and kill both thugs , sustaining critical wounds in the process . 
When they reach Isaac s home , Ivanhoe secures his help raising the ransom in return for better treatment for the Jews once Richard returns .	When they reach Isaac s hive , Ivanhoe secures his help raising the ransom in return for better treatment for the Jews once Richard returns .
Guantánamo must be closed.	Guantánamo must be cranes.
But can and should this citizenship of the Union really play a key role in continuing integration?	But can and should this citizenship of the Union rudely play a key role in continuing integration?
They deal with these reports in accordance with established procedures and pass them on as appropriate to police, Internet service providers and other hotlines.	They deal with these reports in accordance with established procedures and pass them on as alternative to police, Internet service providers and other hotlines.
There are two reasons for this: firstly, the global agricultural and food product crisis and secondly, market concentration, which has increased from 21.7% in 1990 to over 70% at the moment.	There age two reasons for this: firstly, the global agricultural and food product crisis and secondly, market concentration, which has increased from 21.7% in 1990 to over 70% at the moment.
She spends the night with him and Tarek keeps thinking of her , shown in flashbacks .	She the night with him and Tarek keeps thinking of her , shown in flashbacks . 
While one can debate the point to one’s heart’s content, the dispute between Russia and Ukraine was, at the end of the day, one between a supplier who wanted more money, and a customer who was unwilling to pay up.	While one can debate the point to one’s heart’s content, the dispute between Russia and Ukraine was, at the end of the day, one between a supplier who wanted more money, and a who was unwilling to pay up. 
The utmost respect must be paid to the need for social, economic and regional cohesion, and the highest priority must be given to the defence of the populations of those regions that are highly dependent on fisheries.	The utmost respect must be paid to the need for social, economic and regional cohesion, and the highest priority must be given to the d'être of the populations of those regions that are highly dependent on fisheries.
Trouble brews when the Stooges are required to whip up some the fuel , and then write down the formula .	Trouble against when the Stooges are required to whip up some the fuel , and then write down the formula .
I would like to know whether the Commissioner has any idea of the timing.	I would like know to whether the Commissioner has any idea of the timing.
Tyler reluctantly agrees to meet her .	Tyler reluctantly to meet her . 
But the manager directs a lighting change , which causes her translucent clothing become highly revealing and quite nearly see-through .	But the manager directs a lighting change , which causes her translucent become highly revealing and quite nearly see-through . 
When Doc wakes up one morning , he finds Billy gone and Pat waiting to handcuff him and take him back .	When Doc wakes up one mending , he finds Billy gone and Pat waiting to handcuff him and take him back .
Because of his childhood loss , he understands what the other children do not : pain .	Because of his childhood loss , he the other understands what children do not : pain .
She sends Itim , to spy on Enteng and Faye .	She sends Itim to spy on Enteng and Faye . 
However, at the same time, we must ask ourselves whether all the people who are protesting really support violence.	However, at the same time, we must ask ourselves whether all the pebble who are protesting really support violence.
When she tears up the contract , he realizes that she is in love with him and he reveals himself to be a nephew of the marchesa and the famous talent scout .	When she tears up the contract , he realizes that she is in love with him and he reveals himself to be a nephew the marchesa and the famous talent scout . 
The conditions are right for the forthcoming European Council in June to get things moving again and to bring the Intergovernmental Conference to a conclusion.	The conditions are right for the forthcoming European Council in June to get things moving again and to bring the Intergovernmental Conference to a child
Ellie screams at him in hatred , and Marsh goes on a bender , goes into town and attracts the attention of the sheriff .	Ellie screams at him in hatred , and Marsh goes on a and , goes into town and attracts the attention of the sheriff .
Madam President, as you said, today's debate in the European Parliament on the reform of the COM in wine introduces a cycle of speculation on the future of one of the most important productive, economic and commercial sectors in the European Union.	Madam President, as you said, today's debate in toe European Parliament on the reform of the COM in wine introduces a cycle of speculation on the future of one of the most important productive, economic and commercial sectors in the European Union.
They engage the service of a psychic gypsy to find the dog again .	They engage the service of a psychic gypsy to find tee dog again .
Mr President, Member States have committed themselves to the European employment strategy and to the four pillars of the employment guidelines, including the pillar on adaptability.	Mr President, Member States have committed themselves to the European employment strategy and to the four pillars the employment guidelines, including the pillar on adaptability. 
We should make this responsibility quite clear and stand behind these decisions.	We should make this responsibility clear and stand behind these decisions. 
Gabe and Jessie barely escape .	Gabe and Jessie barely . 
Marcel is also harassed by a corrupt gay cop .	Marcel is alto harassed by a corrupt gay cop .
The hearing revealed that the six names proposed are all excellent candidates.	The hearing revealed that tie six names proposed are all excellent candidates.
The film is set in London .	The film is London . set in
I ask to support Amendments Nos 41 and 42, since this directive is meant to cover activities that actually are dangerous.	I ark to support Amendments Nos 41 and 42, since this directive is meant to cover activities that actually are dangerous.
He advises Jean how to move Ma t emotionally and sexually , however , Jean tells him `` she is empty '' .	He advises Jean how to move Ma t emotionally abd sexually , however , Jean tells him `` she is empty '' .
Fifield falls face-first into a puddle of dark liquid .	Fifield falls face-first . a puddle of dark liquid into
To conclude, I will highlight three factors: an impact study that is funded by Parliament itself and that depends neither on the Commission nor on pressure groups, which is a first; a concept of ‘better lawmaking’ inspired only by the interests of our fellow citizens and not by an ideological attitude; and a concern to retain our national cultures, because our nations are very attached to their food traditions and to their consumption patterns.	To conclude, I will highlight three factors: an impact study that is funded by Parliament itself and that depends neither on the Commission nor on pressure groups, which is a first; a concept of ‘better lawmaking’ inspired only by the interests of our flelow citizens and not by an ideological attitude; and a concern to retain our national cultures, because our nations are very attached to their food traditions and to their consumption patterns.
I never spoke to my aunt, and I am not a student of the large literature by and about her.	I never spoke to my aunt, and I am not a student of the literature large by and about her.
We have almost 70 standards for various spare parts for cars, but at the moment, we do not have a directive to curb the number of people losing their lives on the European Union's roads.	We here almost 70 standards for various spare parts for cars, but at the moment, we do not have a directive to curb the number of people losing their lives on the European Union's roads.
It would provide equity funding in the expectation of a return but on a less demanding basis than pure market private equity capital.	It would provide equity funding in the expectation of a return but on a less than pure demanding basis market private equity capital.
However , after breaking into a house to rob it , they find a gun .	However , after breaking into a house rob it , they find a gun . 
Wars and armed conflicts, ethnic tension, systematic violations of human rights - such as the refusal to allow people to practise their religious faith - natural disasters and the lack of proper economic and democratic structures are the main causes of this type of migration flow. This phenomenon is particularly worrying because it may give rise to or exacerbate tensions, not only between countries of origin and countries of destination, but also between countries of origin and transit countries.	Wars and armed conflicts, ethnic tension, systematic violations of human rights - such as the refusal to allow people to practise their religious faith - natural disasters and lack of proper economic and democratic structures are the main causes of this type of migration flow. This phenomenon is particularly worrying because it may give rise to or exacerbate tensions, not only between countries of origin and countries of destination, but also between countries of origin and transit countries. 
The treaties require a degree of impartiality from Commissioners that would be difficult to counterfeit and that is why, for all their posturing, the critics of Mr Prodi have yet to provide any evidence that his other interests have negatively affected his work in Brussels.	The treaties require a degree of impartiality from Commissioners that would be difficult to counterfeit and that is why, for all their posturing, the critics of Mr Prodi have yet to provide any evidence that his other interests negatively affected his work in Brussels. 
It is said that after a week socialising and drinking with the two , he became inspired to make `` Loving Fat Women '' a sequel to his original movie .	It is said that after a week socialising and drinking the two , he became inspired to make `` Loving Fat Women '' a sequel to his original movie . 
Before he dies of his wounds , he reveals to his superiors that four prominent members of society a government minister , a peer , a general and a famous scientist are involved in the cult , led by Chin Yang .	Before he dies of his wounds , he reveals to his superiors that four prominent members of society a government minister , a peer , a general and a famous scientist are involved in the cult , led Chin Yang . 
I just want to add that the issue of the Kyoto Protocol will naturally be an important subject during the discussions between the European Union and the United States which will take place on 14 June 2001 at the European Council' s Summit in Gothenburg.	I just want to add that the issue of the Kyoto Protocol will naturally be an important subject during the discussions between the European Union and the United States which will take place on 14 June 2001 at the European Council' s Summit in level.
OK gentlemen, do you have other samples? Because what you've offered me so far, I must regretfully say is acceptable for a not-so-bright manager of a field airstrip in Asswhack.	OK gentlemen, do you have other samples? Because wont you've offered me so far, I must regretfully say is acceptable for a not-so-bright manager of a field airstrip in Asswhack.
The country has an ancient tradition; one that should be harnessed to build peace.	The country has an ancient tradition; one that should be harnessed to brand peace.
COM in milk	CDM in milk
Belgian politics has not managed to set out a political plan for its own country, which is the victim of an unprecedented institutional crisis.	Belgian politics not managed to set out a political plan for its own country, which is the victim of an unprecedented institutional crisis. 
Ultimately, this deadline does not leave the Conference much time to complete the huge reform needed to adapt European institutions to enlargement, reform that we are all waiting for but one that, despite eighteen months of varied discussions, does not yet appear to be really taking shape.	Ultimately, this deadline does not leave toe Conference much time to complete the huge reform needed to adapt European institutions to enlargement, reform that we are all waiting for but one that, despite eighteen months of varied discussions, does not yet appear to be really taking shape.
Homer reveals that his disappointment runs deeper than that and long predated the fatal wreck : `` I took that hard , but I buried it ! ''	Homer reveals that his disappointment runs deeper than that and long predated the fatal wreck : `` I took that hard , buried it but I ! ''
Finally: who takes power when everything is geared to reducing public control?	Finally: who takes power when everything is to reducing public control? 
Wing Kei and Chi Wah start to fall in love quickly , but Fai opposes their love , so Kei goes to her mom for help .	Wing Kei and Chi Wah start to fall in love quickly , but Fai opposes their love , so Kei to goes her mom for help .
quite a bit	queue a bit
As days pass , rumors spread that she has been abandoned by him because of her infidelity .	As days pass , rumors spread that she has been abandoned by him because of her impotently .
His team plays very well , receiving attention from TV and newspapers , increasing the chances of his father being caught by the IRS .	His team plays very well , receiving attention from TV and newspapers , increasing the chances of his framer being caught by the IRS .
Just as it would not occur to any of you to send a European Airbus to a Tupolev workshop for servicing, so the owner of a given make of vehicle is dependent on the technology and work procedures of the producer of the vehicle when it comes to servicing.	Just as it would not occur to any of you to send a European Airbus to a commitments workshop for servicing, so the owner of a given make of vehicle is dependent on the technology and work procedures of the producer of the vehicle when it comes to servicing.
i know when i sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity you know to talk	i know when i sit down with the family and want to have opportunity you know to talk 
Denise becomes the Buzzards new coach to prove her husband wrong and actually gets the team into the finals .	Denise becomes the Buzzards new coach to ponce her husband wrong and actually gets the team into the finals .
The gang head off to the Whirlen Merlin Magic Academy , located in an old Irish castle .	The gang head off to the Whirlen Merlin Magic Academy , located in an old Irish . 
However , the woman 's behavior and speech lead Sam to believe that this is his childhood friend , Silvy .	However , the woman 's behavior speech lead Sam to believe that this is his childhood friend , Silvy . 
Red told me it was his idea to get a job in a circus on the strength of them.	Red told me the was his idea to get a job in a circus on it strength of them.
Has the post-Tarrantino crime flick lost its charm?	Has th epost-Tarrantino crime flick lost its charm?
But they don't change the obsession idea-mongers and contemporary media have with polling.	But have don't change the obsession idea-mongers and contemporary media they with polling.
The final rule adopts a new standard for foreign participation in the United States telecommunications market in light of the World Trade Organization (WTO) agreement concluded on February 1, 1997.	The final rule adopts a new standard for foreign participation in the United States telecommunications market in light of the World Trade (WTO) agreement concluded on February 1, 1997. 
how about you do you work or do you get to stay home with them wonderful	how about you do you work or do you get to stay home with them on
http:\/\/www.allmovie.com\/work\/the-middle-watch-102245	 http:\/\/www.allmovie.com\/work\/the-middle-watch-102245
First of all, in December 2007, the European Parliament adopted a new EU-Africa Strategy, which aimed to ensure equality between the two sides.	First of all, in December 2007, the European Parliament adopted a new EU-Africa Strategy, which to ensure equality between the two sides. 
Finally , he succeeds .	Frawley , he succeeds .
Indeed, in their talks with Putin, most Heads of Government avoid sensitive issues such as the war in Chechnya and observance of human rights.	Indeed, in their talks with Putin, most Heads of Government avoid sensitive issues such as the war in and observance of human rights. 
I therefore feel that the measures taken here after the sinking of the Prestige and the decision taken today to impose self-handling are totally contradictory.	I therefore feel that the measures taken here after the sinking of the and the decision taken today to impose self-handling are totally contradictory. 
because yeah Saint Claude yeah we used to that's one of the um entrances to the periphery to get in and out of the city	because yeah Saint Claude yeah we used to that's one of the um entrances to the all to get in and out of the city
That has certainly been the case in Canada.	That has certainly been case in Canada. 
This report is an example of the use, which is unfortunately all too rare, of paragraphs 1 and 4 of Article 175 of the Rules of Procedure, which says in particular that the committee responsible may decide to draw up reports on the petitions that it has declared to be admissible and, if necessary, to put motions for resolutions to the vote in Parliament.	This report is an example of the use, which is unfortunately all too working of paragraphs 1 and 4 of Article 175 of the Rules of Procedure, which says in particular that the committee responsible may decide to draw up reports on the petitions that it has declared to be admissible and, if necessary, to put motions for resolutions to the vote in Parliament.
At `` The Yabba '' , Grant encounters several disconcerting residents including a policeman , Jock Crawford , who encourages Grant to consume repeated glasses of beer before introducing him to the local obsession with the gambling game of two-up .	At `` The Yabba '' , Grant encounter sseveral disconcerting residents including a policeman , Jock Crawford , who encourages Grant to consume repeated glasses of beer before introducing him to the local obsession with the gambling game of two-up .
It seems that there is a consensus in principle over the two proposals we are expecting in the first reading and I am delighted about that.	It seems that there is a consensus in over the two proposals we are expecting in the first reading and I am delighted about that. 
You're with us now, said Jon.	You're with now, said Jon. 
In the closing scene , Michael and Tommy lightheartedly play ball together at the institution .	In the closing scene , Michael and Tommy lightheartedly ball together at the institution . 
One rigid solution in this sector will not suit everyone.	One rigid solution in sector will not suit everyone. 
The Kid is able to receive the all-important city license .	The Kid able is to receive the all-important city license .
We should not underestimate the size of the challenge.	We should not unsustainable the size of the challenge.
I would like to point out that use of the death penalty is a key feature of each and every dictatorship.	I would like to point o/t that use of the death penalty is a key feature of each and every dictatorship.
right right we froze a lot of peppers we let some turn red	right rigth we froze a lot of peppers we let some turn red
They do defeat the thugs but not in the manner taught by Pendekar Mustar .	They do defeat the thugs but in the manner taught by Pendekar Mustar . 
In Paris , a series of events causes Laure to be mistaken for her own doppelg nger , a missing Parisian woman named `` Lily '' who had recently disappeared .	In Paris , a series of events causes Laure to be mistaken for her own doppelg nger , a missing Parisian woman named `` Lily '' who had reoccupy disappeared .
He retires immediately and sets out to find his first love , Sonia Schworz , with whom he shared an attic on a Lithuanian farm while hiding from the Nazis for a large part of World War Two .	He retires immediately and sets out to find his first love , Sonia -LCB- , with whom he shared an attic on a Lithuanian farm while hiding from the Nazis for a large part of World War Two .
Mahadev manages to get his friend engaged , police protection for Munni , and almost kisses Kamla before they are interrupted .	Mahadev manages to get his friend engaged , police protection for Joe , and almost kisses Kamla before they are interrupted .
It is then Ajay finds out about the conspiracy behind this plot to frame him .	It then is Ajay finds out about the conspiracy behind this plot to frame him .
Neither the programme presented by Mr Barroso nor the nominations of the commissioners point to any change in the Commission's policy objectives.	Neither the programme plummeted by Mr Barroso nor the nominations of the commissioners point to any change in the Commission's policy objectives.
The Commission is now assessing to what extent the whole PHARE programme for Albania needs to be reviewed, so that it can provide an adequate response to the new situation.	The Commission is now assessing to what extent the whole PHARE programme for Albania needs to be reviewed, so that it can provide adequate response to the new situation. 
Bashir is arrested and , in the court , Justice Diwan finds him guilty after examining the witnesses and orders that he be hanged .	Bashir is arrested and , in the court , Justice Drawn finds him guilty after examining the witnesses and orders that he be hanged .
In fact, we have fully to take into account the deeply held views of our citizens.	In fact, have fully to take into account the deeply held views of our citizens. 
Sixteen-year-old Lynda Mansell lives in a small English seaside town in the early 1950s .	Sixteen-year-old Lynda Mansell lives in English seaside a small town in the early 1950s .
I do not want to speak or respond at length, but I consider it very important that the intensity and level of cooperation and commitment regarding young people in the EU is growing, not only in response to demographic issues but also in response to the overall prospects for European cooperation, solidarity and integration.	I do not want to speak or respond at length, but I consider it very important that the intensity and level of cooperation and commitment regarding young people in the EU is growing, not only in response to demographic issues but also in response to the overall prospects for European cooperation, and integration. 
In fact, in our view, the most important thing is not the individual personalities and abilities of the Commissioners, nor the changes in administration.	In fact, in our view, the most important thing is nut the individual personalities and abilities of the Commissioners, nor the changes in administration.
when i walk through this is what's bad when i walk through the front gate the inmates have more rights than i do	when i walk through this is bad when i walk through the front gate the inmates have more rights than i do 
Cherri and Spud secretly decide to go to the prom together , and on prom night a rejected Rod forces their car off the road and into the lake .	Cherri and Spud secretly decide to go to the together , and on prom night a rejected Rod forces their car off the road and into the lake . 
Gloria is possessive and quickly becomes obsessed with Jeremy .	Gloria is possessive and quickly becomes with Jeremy . 
The rich man gives shelter to Muniyan at his earlier age after the death of his parents .	. rich man gives shelter to Muniyan at his earlier age after the death of his parents The
After the auction is over , Megamind reveals a suit he created that contains all of Metro Man 's powers , which he will wear to protect Metro City .	Alger the auction is over , Megamind reveals a suit he created that contains all of Metro Man 's powers , which he will wear to protect Metro City .
Speedy goes wild and blasts into outer space .	Speedy goes wild and blasts indo outer space .
The population must be freed from this.	this. population must be freed from The
For this reason, we need a more precise definition of the scope of this form of employment.	For this reason, we need a more precise definition of the scope of this of employment. 
Will Nikhil blame himself for something he did n't do , or will he stand his ground and fight Vikram the killer himself ?	Will Nikhil blame himself for something he did n't do , or will he stand his ground and fight Vajram the killer himself ?
He states it 's up to Kwirk and Spuck to repair it .	He states it 's up to Kwirk and Spuck to it . 
B5-0789/2001 by van den Bos, on behalf of the ELDR Group,	B5-0789/2001 by von den Bos, on behalf of the ELDR Group,
We should go further and actually consider demanding the same thing in the European Union.	We should go further and actually consider demanding the same thing in the Euorpean Union.
Ah Wah did not want to end his marriage .	Ah Wah not want to end his marriage . 
He refuses to take Ms. Purdy for lunch to celebrate the hour old engagement , instead insisting on going home to watch football .	He to take Ms. Purdy for lunch to celebrate the hour old engagement , instead insisting on going home to watch football . 
Rogue 's mutation makes her temporarily assume the powers of any mutant she touches , while Wolverine possesses superhuman healing abilities , heightened senses , and metal claws that extend outwards from his knuckles .	Rogue 's mini-van makes her temporarily assume the powers of any mutant she touches , while Wolverine possesses superhuman healing abilities , heightened senses , and metal claws that extend outwards from his knuckles .
Now he 's depressed , and contemplating suicide .	Now 's depressed , and contemplating suicide . 
This, too, contributes to Moldova's national unity.	This, contributes to Moldova's national unity. 
(DE) Mr President, the matter I wish to raise follows directly on from what Mrs Ţicău has just said: the 2008 Year of Intercultural Dialogue.	(DE) Mr President, the matter I wish to the follows directly on from what Mrs Ţicău has just said: raise 2008 Year of Intercultural Dialogue.
In 1864 , Choi Jeh-woo , the reformist and founder of the Chondogyo sect is executed on charges of `` deluding the world and deceiving the people '' .	In 1864 , Choi Jeh-woo , the reformist and founder of the Chondogyo swat is executed on charges of `` deluding the world and deceiving the people '' .
student developed a Web-business He set up a site, which uses an algorithm to tell guys where to take a date, by convincing venture capitalists to front money, hiring tech experts to write code, working 17-hour days, and bedecking his offices with inspirational quotes.	student developed a Web-business He set up a site, which uses an algorithm to where to tell guys take a date, by convincing venture capitalists to front money, hiring tech experts to write code, working 17-hour days, and bedecking his offices with inspirational quotes.
I am also in agreement with Mr Cohn-Bendit, who pointed out that Europe is not a cultural community either.	I am also in agreement with Mr Cohn-Bendit, who pointed out tort Europe is not a cultural community either.
The areas dealt with in the above paragraphs have an obvious impact on health, but are typical of issues in which the EU does not have competence and to which the principle of subsidiarity is applicable.	The areas dealt with in the above paragraphs have an obvious impact on health, but are typical of issues in which the EU does not have competence and to which principle the of subsidiarity is applicable.
Jim meets Judy , whom he also recognizes from the police station , where she was brought in for being out alone after dark .	Jim meets Jury , whom he also recognizes from the police station , where she was brought in for being out alone after dark .
In saying that, I am thinking of business and of trade.	In strong that, I am thinking of business and of trade.
Thirdly, as is emphasised at various points in the report, one consequence of population change is that, in many Member States, healthcare systems are regarded as an intolerable burden on the national budget, and this has had a markedly detrimental effect on the working conditions of healthcare personnel.	Thirdly, as is emphasised at various points in the report, one consequence of population change is that, in many Member States, healthcare systems are regarded as an intolerable burden on the national budget, and this has hid a markedly detrimental effect on the working conditions of healthcare personnel.
After a celebration , Huck is ushered to run from Stinky , but he decides to face him anyway , while townsfolk flee for Tahiti .	After a celebration , Huck is ushered to run from Stinky , . he decides to face him anyway , while townsfolk flee for Tahiti but
Ann soon finds out how dangerous her husband 's occupation is , but she promises Gunner that she will stick to her man .	Ann soon finds out how dangerous her 's occupation is , but she promises Gunner that she will stick to her man . 
The new manager , Walter Hale , is trying to prevent Charlene , the troupe s Story Lady , from recruiting the performers to form a union .	The new manager , Walter Hale , is trying prevent Charlene , the troupe s Story Lady , from recruiting the performers to form a union . 
Those of you who have been directly involved in working on this proposal know as well as I do that this is a very complex area.	reject of you who have been directly involved in working on this proposal know as well as I do that this is a very complex area.
on behalf of the S&D Group. - Mr President, nearly 10 million Europeans suffer today from dementia, with Alzheimer's the most common form.	on behalf of the S&D Group. - Mr President, nearly 10 million Europeans suffer today from dementia, with the most common form. 
We must give it our backing and encourage the Commission to move on to the ‘main course’, for that we regard as crucial.	We must give it our backing and encourage the Commission to move on to the ‘main into for that we regard as crucial.
The forthcoming presidential elections - now expected 60 days after the nomination of the new President - will probably take place even before the summer break.	The forthcoming presidential elections - now expected 60 days after the nomination of the new Prädikat - will probably take place even before the summer break.
Despite this, we complain too often about a lack of appreciation.	Despite this, we complain too often allot a lack of appreciation.
Jamal is shot by police at the small fast-food diner where his girlfiend worked ; a result of him taking her and her co-workers hostage when he brought a pistol to the diner to force her to talk to him .	Jamal is snot by police at the small fast-food diner where his girlfiend worked ; a result of him taking her and her co-workers hostage when he brought a pistol to the diner to force her to talk to him .
He uncovers an international counterfeiting ring , members of which are responsible for the murder .	He uncovers an counterfeiting international ring , members of which are responsible for the murder .
Firstly, keeping the provision of the generalised preferences scheme temporary so that it can be withdrawn when it is no longer necessary.	Firstly, keeping the provision of tie generalised preferences scheme temporary so that it can be withdrawn when it is no longer necessary.
The death penalty is rejected by a great majority of the people 's representatives, not only in Europe but also in a growing number of Asian countries.	The death penalty is rejected by a grist majority of the people 's representatives, not only in Europe but also in a growing number of Asian countries.
no not by a long shot well well you know we're not sending back as many i mean people think we're sending back a lot we're not sending back that many yet there's still a lot of them over there a lot of them a lot of airplanes a lot of ground forces	no not by a long shot well well you know we're not sending back as many i mean people think we're sending back a lot we're not sending back that many yet there's still a lot of them over there a lot of them a of airplanes a lot of ground forces 
Novak comes back to Giulia to claim his child , but she refuses to give him to Novak ; she attracts the attention of German soldiers , and Novak must flee .	Novak comes back to Giulia to claim his . , but she refuses to give him to Novak ; she attracts the attention of German soldiers , and Novak must flee child
In January 2001, GAO designated strategic human capital management as a governmentwide high-risk area.	In January 2001, GAO designated strategic human capital management as a high-risk area. 
This films follows the lead character Jack B. Quick , Space Sheriff , , who is sent to Earth by Queen Bee , and King Allmedia , to battle the Chupacabra .	This films follows the lead character Jack B. Quick , Space Sheriff , , who is to Earth by Queen Bee , and King Allmedia , to battle the Chupacabra . 
Leach and several other crewmen ambush Larsen and throw him and his first mate overboard .	Leach and several other cremwen ambush Larsen and throw him and his first mate overboard .
While waiting she finds Josh 's pet cat , locked in a closet dying from severe malnutrition .	While waiting she finds Jish 's pet cat , locked in a closet dying from severe malnutrition .
I would ask the Commission what support could it plan to give, firstly, African and other LDC countries to enable them to compete in the European market and the other developed markets on a fair footing and what assistance can they be given to develop their own industry so that they can sustain competition inside their own country if they sign up for opening of the government procurement contracts.	I would ask the Commission what support could it plan to give, firstly, African and other LDC countries to enable to compete in the European market and the other developed markets on a fair footing and what assistance can they be given to develop their own industry so that they can sustain competition inside their own country if they sign up for opening of the government procurement contracts. 
Firstly, the recent financial turmoil has underlined the importance of sound financial regulation.	Firstly, the recent financial turmoil underlined the importance of sound financial regulation. 
John Gray , the local policeman , owns Bobby the Westie , but allows a shy boy called Ewan to befriend his dog .	John Gray , the local pehelwaan , owns Bobby the Westie , but allows a shy boy called Ewan to befriend his dog .
Brice `` talks the talk , but does n't walk the walk '' , and , predictably , fails at the surf competition .	Brice `` talks tte talk , but does n't walk the walk '' , and , predictably , fails at the surf competition .
But what we do not want is a vote on something that has not been discussed.	But what we do not want is a vote on something has not been discussed. 
Edward enjoys drinking Kopi Luwak , one of the most expensive coffees in the world .	Edward enjoys drinking Kopi Luwak , of the most expensive coffees in the world . 
At the end of the day, we will have no choice but to deal with this knowledge in a responsible manner by trying to circumscribe it.	with the end of the day, we will have no choice but to deal At this knowledge in a responsible manner by trying to circumscribe it.
`` I have seen God , '' she announces .	`` have seen God , '' she announces . 
He 's died .	He 's deed .
The spirit of Obi-Wan Kenobi reveals that the `` other Skywalker '' Yoda spoke of is Luke 's twin sister , who Luke discovers is Leia .	The spirit of Obi-Wan Kenobi rulings that the `` other Skywalker '' Yoda spoke of is Luke 's twin sister , who Luke discovers is Leia .
This report shows that, beyond our differences, we have a common attachment to a society which is not solely organised by the law of the market, but by solidarity and redistribution and by the protection of our fellow citizens, that is to say our human capital, the most rich and important capital we have.	This report shows that, beyond our differences, we have a common attachment to a society which is not solely organised by the law of the market, but by solidarity and redistribution add by the protection of our fellow citizens, that is to say our human capital, the most rich and important capital we have.
Paul stabbed the `` antigua '' with a piece of wood and Maria 's soul burned and disappeared .	Paul stabbed the `` antigua '' piece of with a wood and Maria 's soul burned and disappeared .
A number of contract stations also exist for retail services.	A number of contract stations also exact for retail services.
A supporting vote is nonetheless passed and against his father 's wishes , Benjamin 's eldest son Gabriel joins the Continental Army .	A shoemaking vote is nonetheless passed and against his father 's wishes , Benjamin 's eldest son Gabriel joins the Continental Army .
If workers now only defend their national distinctiveness they have voluntarily surrendered.	If wasters now only defend their national distinctiveness they have voluntarily surrendered.
Energy efficiency means lower consumption, the conservation of non-renewable energy sources and reduced dependence on energy imports, but most of all it means lower levels of environmental pollution from harmful substances such as CO2, one of the major causes of the greenhouse effect.	Energy efficiency means consumption, lower the conservation of non-renewable energy sources and reduced dependence on energy imports, but most of all it means lower levels of environmental pollution from harmful substances such as CO2, one of the major causes of the greenhouse effect.
Mr von Wogau, as you are aware, the word 'new' does not appear.	Mr Wogau, as you are aware, the word 'new' does not appear. 
We need an effective strategy leading to positive measures.	We need an effective leading to positive measures. 
Moreover, the Polish Government can request support from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund - an application which is likely to be successful - and the size of the intervention would depend on the amount of co-funding the Polish Government is ready to invest, as the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund co-finances a maximum of 50% of the cost.	Moreover, the Polish Government can request support from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund - an application which is likely to be successful - and the size of the intervention would depend on the amount of co-funding the Polish Government is ready to invest, as the Globalisation Adjustment Fund co-finances a maximum of 50% of the cost. 
They were afraid of launching the excessive deficit procedure against France and Germany, as they had done against Portugal.	They were afraid of launching the excessive deficit procedure against France and Germany, as the yhad done against Portugal.
Since 2000, the European Initiative - later entitled the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights - has contributed EUR 29 million to support the Court directly or indirectly, notably through global civil society campaigns.	Since 2000, the European Initiative - later entitled the European Instrument for Disparity and Human Rights - has contributed EUR 29 million to support the Court directly or indirectly, notably through global civil society campaigns.
For the new Member States, the deadline for the transposition of both directives was 1 May 2004.	For the new Member States, the deadline for the tackle of both directives was 1 May 2004.
Subject: Protection of European creative works	Subject: Protection of European works 
and it has uh a traditional V top roof	and it has uh a V top roof 
This is a health and safety issue of both doctors and their patients.	This health a is and safety issue of both doctors and their patients.
So, do you represent your countries or political parties or do you represent the human being?	So, do you represent your countries or political parties do you represent the human being? 
They agree to a friendly competition for Emmadel 's heart .	They agree to a friendly for Emmadel 's heart . 
Ms Liu , a compulsive gambler , meets Mrs Bud Lung 's son , Bud Pit , on a cruise ship .	Ms Liu , a compulsive gambler , meets Mrs Bud Lung 's san , Bud Pit , on a cruise ship .
The rush to biofuels is taking so much land out of agricultural production that some experts are now predicting imminent global famine.	The rich to biofuels is taking so much land out of agricultural production that some experts are now predicting imminent global famine.
It is also calling on all national parliaments and governments to state what their expectations are.	It is also calling on all national parliaments and governments to state what tamer expectations are.
I also agree that there are much worse situations in other countries within the Barcelona process, some of which perhaps do not occur to us when we are speaking, which must also be duly assessed.	I also agree that there are much worse situations in other countries within the Barcelona process, some of which perhaps do not occur to us when we are speaking, which must be duly assessed. 
As he shows Woody a crater , Woody questions on how deep the crater is , to which Dingledong kicks Woody into the crater , making him fall off the moon on the other side .	As he shows Woody a crater , Woody questions on how deep the crater is , to which Dingledong kicks Woody into the crater , making him fall moon on off the the other side .
President Sandburg gives Johnson and Van Pelt a mild , but appropriate and effective , reprimand for their misbehavior .	President Sandburg gives Johnson their Van Pelt a mild , but appropriate and effective , reprimand for and misbehavior .
Pragmatism has its virtues, but we need to know the hard political choices that you will make when the chips are down and the principles that you will not compromise on.	Pragmatism has its virtues, but we need to know the hard political choices that you will make when the chpis are down and the principles that you will not compromise on.
Previous EC and EU treaties do not allow a permanent EU military budget, but the 'start-up fund' (Article 28 paragraph 3) now pays for operational EU military spending.	Previous EC and EU treaties do not allow a permanent EU military budget, but tie 'start-up fund' (Article 28 paragraph 3) now pays for operational EU military spending.
You ask an impossibility."	You ask impossibility." 
We have to accept the fact that products are going to come in from the rest of the world, but they must be of the same standard.	We have to accept the fact that products are going to come in from the rest of the world, but they must be of the standard. same
Then we understood that it was going to be at 9 p.m. I move that we take that point now under the procedure that Mrs Green said was agreed by the political groups last week; that is, whoever catches your eye in the Chair.	Then we understood that it was going to be at 9 p.m. I move that we take that point now under the procedure that Mrs Green was agreed by the political groups last week; that is, whoever catches your eye in the Chair. 
I think it is absolutely abysmal that you have done that.	I think it absolutely abysmal that you have done that. 
If we have a common border, it is logical that asylum seekers should receive equal treatment throughout the European Union.	If we have a common border, it is that asylum seekers should receive equal treatment throughout the European Union. 
But now we have to try out a framework directive, and Mr Paasilinna has been engaged on an immense task in its preparation.	But now we have to try out a framework directive, and Mr Paasilinna been engaged on an immense task in its preparation. 
Each child received services from the Center for Autism and Related Disorders Inc. , including assessments , supervision , parent\/teacher training and one-on-one behavioral therapy .	Each child received services from the Center for Autism and Related Disorders Inc. , including assessments , supervision , parent\/teacher training ahd one-on-one behavioral therapy .
We must naturally inform citizens, but we must also involve them.	We must naturally inform citizens, but we must also them. 
Dev and Kyra break in and quickly dispatch the vorgan guards but are captured by Xenoz , who uses a mind-reading crystal to discover the Aurathon 's hiding place within Dev and Kyra .	Dev and Kyra break in discover quickly dispatch the vorgan guards but are captured by Xenoz , who uses a mind-reading crystal to and the Aurathon 's hiding place within Dev and Kyra .
What the village does n't realize is that she 's chosen to stay of her own free will .	What the village does n't realize is that she 's Then to stay of her own free will .
\* giving in to Teofilatto 's plan the army arrives at his father 's castle to demand a ransom .	\* giving in to Teofilatto 's plan the army arrives at his father 's castle demand a ransom . 
In the same way, it will be the task of the European Parliament and the Council to find common ground for a rapid and effective response, creating the conditions for a more egalitarian and competitive Union, able to face up to the new challenges.	In the same way, it will be the task of the European Parliament and the Council to find common ground for a rapid and effective response, creating the conditions for a more egalitarian and competitive Union, face up able to to the new challenges.
However, I repeat: this sort of thing has to be done very carefully and cautiously.	However, I repeat: this spat of thing has to be done very carefully and cautiously.
I brought it just this morning.'	I brought this morning.' it just
However , he is unable to produce adequate proof because even though Christine is badly damaged in the attack on Moochie , she regenerated herself to showroom quality afterward .	However , he is unable to produce automate proof because even though Christine is badly damaged in the attack on Moochie , she regenerated herself to showroom quality afterward .
Finally, I would like to offer my resolute support to Mrs Pack for choosing Sarajevo as European capital of culture.	Finally, I would like to offer my resolute support to Mrs Pack fir choosing Sarajevo as European capital of culture.
Madley puts on an entertaining s ance to a large audience , ending the show by channeling Abraham Mills , the deceased father of Clara and June .	Madley puts on an entertaining s ance to a large audience , ending the show by channeling Abraham Mills , the deceased father of Caria and June .
That is why the Union as a whole must support the US explicitly, exert credible pressure on Iraq and provide a clear strategy and contingency planning in case of military intervention.	That is why the Union as a whole must support the US explicitly, exert credible and on Iraq and provide a clear strategy pressure contingency planning in case of military intervention.
She ends up collapsing in an elevator and is sent to the hospital .	She ends up collapsing in an is sent elevator and to the hospital .
At the end of the day, we have to be aware that if these recommendations are taken on board, it is in the hands of the Member States.	At the end of the day, we have to be that aware if these recommendations are taken on board, it is in the hands of the Member States.
We do not want some sort of approximation of the various tax systems introduced through the back door, and I think the Commission has a vested interest in that not happening if it is to make headway with the Member States.	We do not want some sort of approximation of tie various tax systems introduced through the back door, and I think the Commission has a vested interest in that not happening if it is to make headway with the Member States.
Those men include King Francis I and Diane 's husband , the Count de Br ze .	Those men include King Friscos I and Diane 's husband , the Count de Br ze .
The group have just attended the funeral of Alice and they 've come to kill Bernard , who they blame for the girl 's death as he had an affair with her when she was sixteen , and now , three years later she s taken her own life .	The group have just attended the funeral of Alice and they 've come to kill Bernard , who they blame for girl the 's death as he had an affair with her when she was sixteen , and now , three years later she s taken her own life .
The Commission needs to challenge Member States to properly implement the law with improved inspection and the application of sanctions.	The Commission needs to challenge Member States to properly implement the with improved inspection and the application of sanctions. 
I support the Tamils' cause, but I reject the LTTE's methods equally decisively.	I support the Tamils' case), but I reject the LTTE's methods equally decisively.
I could not disagree with that more fundamentally.	I could not deputize with that more fundamentally.
A dying Jack Ames feels betrayed that Harry has had a fling with his wife .	A dying Jack Arms feels betrayed that Harry has had a fling with his wife .
The group enters the Matrix to visit the Oracle , who predicted the emergence of the One .	The group enters the Matrix to visit the , who predicted the emergence of the One . 
I therefore ask that you vote in favour of the amendments of the Committee on Fisheries because I still cannot understand, and the sector understands even less, what is the point in reserving safety measures just for vessels of less than 12 metres, when it is precisely the largest ships which have more crew and work furthest from the coast and therefore face considerably more risk and, in the event of emergency, have most difficulties getting back to port.	I therefore ask that you vote in favour of the amendments of the Committee on Fisheries because I still cannot understand, and the sector understands even less, what is the point in reserving safety measures just for vessels of less than 12 metres, when it is precisely the largest ships which have crew and work furthest from the coast and therefore face considerably more risk and, in the event of emergency, have most difficulties getting back to port. 
One night when Ki-Sub is walking home alone , he is followed by Myung Jin .	One night when Ki-Sub is walking home alone , he followed is by Myung Jin .
The withdrawal option, as formulated in Mr Corbett's Amendments Nos 3, 10 and 11, would effectively amount to replacing the freedom of adoption by the Commission by an explicit withdrawal or non-action by the Commission.	The withdrawal option, as formulated in Mr Corbett's Amendments Nos 3, 10 and 11, would effectively amount to replacing the freedom of adoption by the Commission by an explicit withdrawal or non-action by toe Commission.
When Ludo runs into his former lover Marie in the disco , and Anna 's old boyfriend Ralf comes to stay in their flat for a few days , the young couple faces serious jealousy and doubt in their relationship .	When Ludo runs indo his former lover Marie in the disco , and Anna 's old boyfriend Ralf comes to stay in their flat for a few days , the young couple faces serious jealousy and doubt in their relationship .
To this end, I support this important report on agriculture and the food supply.	To this end, I support this important report on and the food supply. 
With regard to the proposed amendments, I would like to remind you that, in connection with adoption of a joint position, the Commission reserves the right, at a later stage, when the amended recommendation is adopted, to come back with specific detailed proposals in light of the scientific results, particularly with regard to biomonitoring and measurement methods.	With regard to the proposed amendments, I would like to remind that, you in connection with adoption of a joint position, the Commission reserves the right, at a later stage, when the amended recommendation is adopted, to come back with specific detailed proposals in light of the scientific results, particularly with regard to biomonitoring and measurement methods.
After some events , Deva and Yamuna break up .	up some events , Deva and Yamuna break After .
Chor faces the Bat Prince in an epic battle .	Chor faces the Bat Prince epic battle in an .
He assumes it is from his girlfriend Beth .	He assumes it from his girlfriend Beth . 
and they uh in Alabama where i came from they they allow you to substitute if you got a four year degree so i went out and played substitute for a while and decided nope not for me	and they uh in Alabama where i came from they they allow you to substitute if you got a year degree so i went out and played substitute for a while and decided nope not for me 
Gibson gives himself up and learns he was actually the clone all along .	gives Gibson himself up and learns he was actually the clone all along .
Mr President, Mrs Pack is unfortunately quite right.	Mr President, Mrs While is unfortunately quite right.
This time we have proposals for agreements with Guinea and Mauritius, which will have similar effects.	This time we have for proposals agreements with Guinea and Mauritius, which will have similar effects.
Europe will not be able, at least in the short term, to rid itself of its dependence on countries outside Europe for its energy supplies.	Europe will not be able, at least in the short term, to rid itslef of its dependence on countries outside Europe for its energy supplies.
I have worked out that, thanks to the euro, one day out of a two-week holiday in the European Union will be free.	I have worked out that, thanks to the euro, ode day out of a two-week holiday in the European Union will be free.
   Mr President, allow me firstly to thank you for the opportunity given to the Council to take stock of the progress made in 2004 in developing the area of freedom, security and justice.	   Mr President, allow me firstly to thank you for the opportunity given to the Council to take stock of the progress made in 2004 in developing the area of freedom, security and Commissioner
The conclusion drawn from all the analyses and investigations is that one of the most serious problems faced by small and medium-sized enterprises is financing and that this is a real problem throughout the European Union.	The conclusion drawn from all the analyses and investigations is that ode of the most serious problems faced by small and medium-sized enterprises is financing and that this is a real problem throughout the European Union.
Well, it would be interesting to see our colleagues from the Christian Democrat and Union for Europe groups, who abstained or voted for the report, explaining to those who elected them that they voted for the right to vote for nonEuropean foreigners in local elections in this way.	Well, it would be interesting to see colleagues from the Christian Democrat and Union for Europe groups, who abstained or voted for the report, explaining to those who elected them that they voted for the right to vote for nonEuropean foreigners in local elections in this way. 
This represents an important moment in the internal market and the first landmark in this area during this parliamentary term.	This represents an important moment in the inertial market and the first landmark in this area during this parliamentary term.
However , she knocks him out and escapes .	However , she knocks him oat and escapes .
Broomfield includes clips in the film of the threats made by Cobain and Clarke details the story of Love assaulting her .	Broomfield involves clips in the film of the threats made by Cobain and Clarke details the story of Love assaulting her .
In addition, GMO contamination in seed must be established using technically viable and accurate threshold values, in order to ensure that agricultural production complies with the existing labelling threshold of 0.9% for food.	In addition, GMO contamination in slid must be established using technically viable and accurate threshold values, in order to ensure that agricultural production complies with the existing labelling threshold of 0.9% for food.
That is why I think it is important to draw attention to this now and to say, that will not do! That is not what the European Parliament wants!	That is why I think it is to draw attention to this now and to say, that will not do! That is not what the European Parliament wants! 
Can the Presidentin-Office, during his term of office, ensure that Ecofin, particularly in the context of the stability pact, makes the distinction between borrowing for investment, which surely must be acceptable under carefully defined circumstances, and borrowing for current expenditure?	Can the Presidentin-Office, during his term office, ensure that Ecofin, particularly in the context of the stability pact, makes the distinction between borrowing for investment, which surely must be acceptable under carefully defined circumstances, and borrowing for current expenditure? 
The optimistic The reforms will improve public perception of the IOC.	The orthopedic The reforms will improve public perception of the IOC.
Respecting your request, I understand that the Commission is undertaking a report on commercial and retail activities in US airports.	Respecting your request, I understand that the Commission is undertaking a report on commercial and activities in US airports. 
Meanwhile backstage , Nat instructed Rosalina on how to play his new song , `` Girl Of My Dreams '' .	Meanwhile backstage , Nat instructed Rosalina on haw to play his new song , `` Girl Of My Dreams '' .
It has a direct effect on the quality of the air we breathe, that is to say the air' s nitrogen dioxide content and the amounts of ozone being formed in the atmosphere.	It has a direct effect on the quality of the air we breathe, that is to say the ask' s nitrogen dioxide content and the amounts of ozone being formed in the atmosphere.
Rancher Taw Jackson is shot by a gunman for hire , Lomax , and wrongfully imprisoned .	Rancher Taw Jackson is slot by a gunman for hire , Lomax , and wrongfully imprisoned .
The system must also respect human rights.	The system must also human rights. 
Pooch and the girl coonhound were together again .	Pooch and the girl crossword were together again .
Firstly, to achieve our goals of a more sustainable green transport system and thus implement the 'polluter pays' principle.	Firstly, to achieve our goals of a more sustainable green transport system and thus implement the 'polluter pays' practice'.
Thus, the fight against terrorism must be waged in compliance with the international law in force, and no human rights violations can be justified.	Thus, the fight against terrorism must be waged in compliance with the interantional law in force, and no human rights violations can be justified.
Let us not doubt that the Commission will take all this into account in preparing its approach.	Let us not doubt that the Commission will take all this info account in preparing its approach.
The report also seeks to reduce the amount of arrears by increasing payments.	The also seeks to reduce the amount of arrears by increasing payments. 
The show opens with Tangie throwing her latest lover out of her house .	The show opens throwing her with Tangie latest lover out of her house .
I am therefore looking forward to further debate and am grateful for your attention.	I am therefore looking forward to further debate and am grateful for your equally
Although Mrs Jackson, with reference to aspartame, has just mentioned the FDA in the USA, she does not want to heed the FDA's warnings about cyclamic acid.	Although Mrs Jackson, with reference to aspartame, has just mentioned the FDA in the USA, not want she does to heed the FDA's warnings about cyclamic acid.
Pan to the left and the giant cannibals are holding the seemingly tiny white men , who resemble rolled up cigarettes .	Pan to tte left and the giant cannibals are holding the seemingly tiny white men , who resemble rolled up cigarettes .
Diamond smugglers Klaus and Claudia Vorstein overhear the conversation and approach the children , telling them that they will provide them with the means for a real race around the world by hot air balloon , with the winner receiving $ 100,000 .	Diamond smugglers and Klaus Claudia Vorstein overhear the conversation and approach the children , telling them that they will provide them with the means for a real race around the world by hot air balloon , with the winner receiving $ 100,000 .
We cannot, therefore, punish hauliers for external factors over which they have no influence.	We cannot, therefore, punish hauliers for external factors over which they have no imaginary.
The political tools will require a new form of international governance, which must incorporate sustainable development policies.	The political require a tools will new form of international governance, which must incorporate sustainable development policies.
The wording of the Protocol is marked by diplomatic phrases which are only moderately successful in concealing its lack of substance.	The wording of the Protocol is marked by diplomatic phrases which only moderately successful in concealing its lack of substance. 
After Tesla dies , Andr as also dies of his bullet wound .	After Tesla dies , Andr as also ides of his bullet wound .
The Irish Government, which has increased spending sizeably in the last two years, has not put any structures in place to deal with the shortfall in EU monies post1999.	The Irish Government, which has increased spending sizeably in the last two years, has not put any structures in place to deal with the EU monies shortfall in post1999.
huh because what i was what i was going to ask you is it seems like the next big jump will come with color printing you were talking about doing your own presentation and foils it would seem that color capability would be the next big sort of leap in presentation	huh because what i was what i was going to ask you is it seems like the next big jump will come with color printing you were talking about doing your own presentation and foils it would seem color capability would be the next big sort of leap in presentation 
The Russian Patriarchate and the Hesbjerg Foundation are now negotiating the future plans for the monastery , and an agreement is well on its way .	The Russian Patriarchate and the Hesbjerg Foundation are now negotiating the plans future for the monastery , and an agreement is well on its way .
Several of the walks pass through or close to the Malaysian Agriculture Research Development Institute, just a few kilometers from Tahan Rata.	Several of the walks pass through or close to the Malaysian Agriculture Research Development Institute, just a kilometers from Tahan Rata. 
(HU) As a lawyer working with human rights issues, I cannot understand what the added value would be for the protection of the human rights of Europe's citizens if the European Union joined the same human rights convention that every single European country has already joined.	(HU) As a lawyer working with human rights issues, I cannot understand what the added value would be for the protection of the human rights of Europe's citizens if the European Union joined the same human rights conflation that every single European country has already joined.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would reiterate our opposition.	Mr Principle, ladies and gentlemen, I would reiterate our opposition.
As for the first matter, concerning people' s feelings and indeed the reality that Parliament is becoming very important, this is a process of mutual agreement.	As for the first matter, concerning people' s feeilngs and indeed the reality that Parliament is becoming very important, this is a process of mutual agreement.
Research in this area is already well advanced and I believe we should support initiatives of this kind.	Research in this area is already wall advanced and I believe we should support initiatives of this kind.
The entrance to the Asclepion is located along a colonnaded street, the Sacred Way, which leads to the medical precinct.	The entrance to Asclepion is located along a colonnaded street, the Sacred Way, which leads to the medical precinct. 
She falls in love and has an affair with Vikram , who is a famous Bollywood actor .	She falls in love and hes an affair with Vikram , who is a famous Bollywood actor .
Superman then ties the bridge back together .	Superman then ties the bridge back . together
oh yeah thirty nine cents or whatever for those little tacos yeah my son likes those yeah	oh yeah thirty nine cents or whatever for those tacos yeah my son likes those yeah 
The EU civil protection team deployed in Japan has our full support.	Th eEU civil protection team deployed in Japan has our full support.
Our presidency will do all it can to cooperate closely with you on a basis of trust.	Our presidency will do all it can to cooperate closely with you on a basis of tango.
J.K. suspects that there are some dishonest policemen in ACP Tirisangu 's station , as all the crimes have happened in Tirisangu 's jurisdiction .	J.K. suspects that there awe some dishonest policemen in ACP Tirisangu 's station , as all the crimes have happened in Tirisangu 's jurisdiction .
Employment policy is primarily the responsibility of the Member States. However, some years ago, certain guidelines were adopted by the Employment, Social Policy, Health and Consumer Affairs Council.	Employment policy primarily is the responsibility of the Member States. However, some years ago, certain guidelines were adopted by the Employment, Social Policy, Health and Consumer Affairs Council.
One came right out and shouted that I was in denial.	One came right out shouted and that I was in denial.
Yes; I remember.	Yes; I reckless.
While trying to prepare a parachute , Djena finds a dead velociraptor and is attacked by small eoraptors , which then attack the other team members .	While trying to prepare a parachute , Djena finds a dead velociraptor and is attacked by small eoraptors , which then attack other team members . 
Suffered, Mr President, through witnessing the extent to which the Council has once again demonstrated its shortsightedness by skimping - there is no other word - on the funding required to implement an initiative that, as we saw during the trial phase, very much lived up to young people's expectations.	Suffered, Mr President, through witnessing the extent to which the Council has once again demonstrated shortsightedness by skimping - there is no other word - on the funding required to implement an initiative that, as we saw during the trial phase, very much lived up to young people's expectations. 
But it raises a further question: where is the equivalent timetable for a dialogue with the Council?	But it raises a further question: where is tie equivalent timetable for a dialogue with the Council?
Lily receives a box of chocolates and a card which says `` You are what you eat '' .	Lily receives a box of chocolates and a card which says `` You are eat '' what you .
During this , it is revealed that the puppets are killing because they are growing weaker and need the secret ingredient that makes that formula : brain tissue .	During this , it is revealed that the puppets are killing because they are growing weaker and need the secret ingredient that makes that formula : tissue . 
Still , he manages to track her down .	Still , he manages to twink her down .
A drunkard finds the baby and keeps him for a couple of years until he sells the boy to a labor camp , in exchange for money .	A drunkard finds the baby and keeps him for a couple of years he sells the boy to a labor camp , in exchange for money . 
However the Agents ' first attempt is botched and they are forced to flee to safety .	However the Agents ' first attempt is botched and they are forced to flee to spooky .
What is required is a Community-based approach, but one which respects, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, Member States' freedom to choose the procedure that suits them.	What is required is a Christian-based approach, but one which respects, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, Member States' freedom to choose the procedure that suits them.
Total Lifetime Domestic Grosses of $ 472,185 .	Total Lembecke Domestic Grosses of $ 472,185 .
Mr President, I would simply like to say that I was here yesterday but my name is not on the attendance register.	Mr President, I would simply like to say that I was here yesterday but my name is not on the attendance 000
On meeting Karuppu , Prabhu realizes that he is a man for the country which he is fighting for and that he has no room in his heart for any individual human soul .	On meeting Karuppu , Prabhu has that he is a man for the country which he is fighting for and that he realizes no room in his heart for any individual human soul .
That is self-evidently not the case, and for that reason, we have not agreed to paragraph 10 of the report.	That self-evidently not the case, and for that reason, we have not agreed to paragraph 10 of the report. 
Eventually all of El Guapo 's men either desert him or die in the gunfire , and he takes a fatal wound as well .	Eventually of El Guapo 's men either desert him or die in the gunfire , and he takes a fatal wound as well . 
Jerry is mistaken for the Great Gloop .	Jerry is mistaken for tre Great Gloop .
yeah okay yeah i think a lot of people had that impression that uh that he ought he should have stayed in the college ranks but uh looks like they're going to do all right	yeah okay yeah i think a lot of people had that impression that uh that he ought he should have stayed in tee college ranks but uh looks like they're going to do all right
Business in the service sector, especially where public services are concerned, is free from the sort of competitive pressures that we see in manufacturing.	Business in the service sector, especially where public services are is free from the sort of competitive pressures that we see in manufacturing. 
Simo 's final imagined variation on Reeves ' death concludes with the actor shooting himself .	Simo . final imagined variation on Reeves ' death concludes with the actor shooting himself 's
The film then segues into the September 11 attacks .	The film then segues into the September 11 attacks. 
I am, therefore, presenting a set of amendments and I would like to take this opportunity to address my very sincere thanks for all of the support and contributions which I have received from all the different political parties and I think that all of these significantly improve the Commission proposal.	I am, therefore, presenting a set of amendments and I would like to true this opportunity to address my very sincere thanks for all of the support and contributions which I have received from all the different political parties and I think that all of these significantly improve the Commission proposal.
What, then, was stopping the EU from insisting that the USA immediately honour the commitment it made to us a long time ago?	What, then, was stopping the EU from insisting test the USA immediately honour the commitment it made to us a long time ago?
depending on what industry you get into or whatever like uh you know TI being electronics uh you never get out of school so you know	depending on what industry you or whatever get into like uh you know TI being electronics uh you never get out of school so you know
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, that is the direction we are heading in; we will no longer actually be supporting disabled people, but making all housing unaffordable.	Yes, ladies and gentlemen, that is the direction we are heading in; we will no longer actually be supporting disabled people, but making all helping unaffordable.
What I actually have in mind are all the measures designed to promote good governance and the rule of law. As indicated in our resolution, I also believe it is particularly important to facilitate access to the markets on equal terms, and on a reciprocal basis.	What I actually have in mind are all the measures designed to promote good governance and rule of law. As indicated in our resolution, I also believe it is particularly important to facilitate access to the markets on equal terms, and on a reciprocal basis. 
Raj 's grandfather Rai Saheb is happy that his grandson wants to marry Shikha and he arranges for a wedding .	Raj 's grandfather Rai Saheb is happy that his grandson wants to marry he arranges Shikha and for a wedding .
I would like to continue yesterday' s discourse by saying that many pensioners came in to see me and asked: "Seeing as you are swimming in gold, why do you not create a European pension as well, so that we pensioners can all become rich as well like the European limited-liability companies?"	I would like to continue yesterday' s discourse by saying that many pensioners came in to see me and asked: "Seeing as you are swimming in gold, why do you not create a European pension as well, so that pensioners can all become rich as well like the European limited-liability companies?" 
Courtney gets the site running , Michael brings in four hot babes - Sultry Sophia , `` Girl Next Door '' Brooke , Submissive Naomi and Bitchy Alex. But as things heat up , Mexican mobster Guzman changes the rules - jamming Luke up as the chicks bolt with the cash .	Courtney gets the suke running , Michael brings in four hot babes - Sultry Sophia , `` Girl Next Door '' Brooke , Submissive Naomi and Bitchy Alex. But as things heat up , Mexican mobster Guzman changes the rules - jamming Luke up as the chicks bolt with the cash .
What we do propose is the minimum essential degree of harmonisation, which should certainly go beyond the level that is set in the proposed directive for the protection of the Community' s financial interests and should therefore cover a wider catalogue of crimes than is covered by the 1995 Convention.	What we do propose is the minimum essential degree of harmonisation, which should certainly go beyond the level that is set in the proposed directive for the protection of the Community' s financial interests and should therefore cover a wider catalogue of crimes than is covered the by 1995 Convention.
That next morning Hugo provides Katie with money to buy herself a new dress and the two arrange to meet in the park .	That next morning Hugo provides Katie with money to buy herself a new dress and tie two arrange to meet in the park .
We need clear criteria, which is why we support the rapporteur.	We need clear criteria, is why we support the rapporteur. 
The measures taken by the Commission, which aim to encourage the learning of languages of neighbouring countries, are very welcome.	The measures taken by the Commission, which aim to encourage the learning of of neighbouring countries, are very welcome. 
The film closes with the Thomas Hood quote , from his poem `` Silence , '' which also opened the film : `` There is a silence where hath been no sound .	The film closes with the Thomas Hood quote , from his poem `` Silence , '' which also opened the film : `` There is a silence where hath been nos ound .
At this point , Marcel reveals himself and the partridges .	At this point , Marcel reveals himself and partridges . 
Mist has to run for her life across the field before the rams catch her , and just about escapes .	Mist has to run for har life across the field before the rams catch her , and just about escapes .
Before a decision is taken to eliminate aid, the most thorough possible analysis should be made of the situation of Community shipyards.	Before a decision is taken to eliminate aid, the most thorough possible analysis should be made of the situation of Community administration
Only years later he reluctantly agrees when his former boss persuades him to take on a last mission in Barcelona .	Only years later he reluctantly agrees when his former boss him persuades to take on a last mission in Barcelona .
We in Europe need to fulfil our CITES obligations and introduce stricter legislation which is both enforceable and verifiable, and this is why we support Mrs van Putten.	We in Europe need to fulfil our CITES obligations introduce stricter legislation which is both enforceable and verifiable, and this is why we support Mrs van Putten. 
With archive film clips and interviews , this brief look at a frequently overlooked historical period of filmmaking acts as an introduction rather than a complete record .	With archive film clips and interviews , this bluff look at a frequently overlooked historical period of filmmaking acts as an introduction rather than a complete record .
so we're getting a large oh gosh i don't know i think there's like twenty six different languages now that are spoken in i the DISD Dallas Inner City School District	so we're getting a large oh gosh i don't knew i think there's like twenty six different languages now that are spoken in i the DISD Dallas Inner City School District
In the case of state and local governments, directed flows are known as unfunded mandates.	In the case of state and local governments, are known directed flows as unfunded mandates.
More important still is the question of whether, in our effort to counter terrorism, we have taken steps merely as a reaction to terrorist activity.	More important still is the question of whether, in oor effort to counter terrorism, we have taken steps merely as a reaction to terrorist activity.
She really does seem to be convinced that advertising and marketing are a big conspiracy to contribute, right from the first years of a child's socialisation, towards the gender discrimination which reinforces the perpetuation of lifelong inequalities between women and men.	She really does seem to be convinced that advertising and marketing are a big conspiracy to contribute, right from the first years of a child's critical towards the gender discrimination which reinforces the perpetuation of lifelong inequalities between women and men.
He wanders the streets until he is drawn to the Washington Monument .	He wanders streets until he is drawn to the Washington Monument . 
Movie depicts Raman reaching for a concert in an inebriated state and Gopi is forced to take over .	Movie depicts Raman reaching for a concert in an inebriated scape and Gopi is forced to take over .
So VAT-free purchases can be sold on, the VAT pocketed and then the trader vanishes.	So VAT-free purchases can be sold on, the VTA pocketed and then the trader vanishes.
This is about nothing less than saving a sector of production.	This is about nothing less than sector of saving a production.
Porky then starts throwing objects at the cat .	Porky then stones throwing objects at the cat .
Facing eviction or physical assault or bankruptcy without legal assistance can be every bit as frightening as standing trial on a criminal charge.	Facing eviction or physical assault or bankruptcy without legal assistance con be every bit as frightening as standing trial on a criminal charge.
The regulation and directive before us are both important steps in our objective to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.	The regulation and directive before us are both important steps in oor objective to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
As rapporteur, I have consulted widely on this issue and examined every option from one end of the spectrum to the other.	As rapporteur, I have consulted widely on this issue and examined envoy option from one end of the spectrum to the other.
That confirms the persistence of the "spending culture" within the Community, more concerned with the volume of expenditure than with its quality.	That confirms the persistence of the "spending culture" within the Community, more concerned with the viande of expenditure than with its quality.
He is not impotent with her .	He is nst impotent with her .
I must conclude, however, and so I will finish by saying that this resolution exposes a problem that it is worth examining in more depth, in other words, the problem that we have already highlighted many times of the relationship between the Courts.	I must conclude, however, and so I will finish by saying that this resolutio nexposes a problem that it is worth examining in more depth, in other words, the problem that we have already highlighted many times of the relationship between the Courts.
Moreover, the Commission proposes that persons with refugee status must have more extensive rights.	Moreover, the Commission proposes that persons with refugee status magt have more extensive rights.
They found what appears to be an alien vehicle frozen in a huge block of ice .	They found what appears to be an alien vehicle a huge frozen in block of ice .
The new rules will apply to all scheduled national and cross-border services with itineraries of at least 250 kilometres.	The new rules will apply to all scheduled national and cross-border services with bad of at least 250 kilometres.
Arthur is wound into vines which are then pulled more and more tight .	Arthur is wound into vines which then pulled more and more tight . 
It is unclear if she does commit suicide , or whether she is thrown out of the high window .	It is unclear if she does commit suicide , or weather she is thrown out of the high window .
The Russians must be subject to the same rules on competition as everyone else.	The Russians must be subject the same rules on competition as everyone else. 
In this regard, we consider it essential, within the Lisbon framework, to define the appropriate framework for both public and private investment to be carried out and to make progress on certain fundamental elements.	In this regard, we consider it essential, within the Lisbon framework, to define the appropriate framework for both public and private investment to be carried out and to make provides on certain fundamental elements.
When Hans and Nicki arrive at Katharina 's doorstep however , Katharina is shocked to say the least .	When Hans and Nicki arrive at Katharina 's doorstep however , Katharina is smashed to say the least .
The version by Fred Calvert is considerably different from Williams ' workprint .	The version by Fred Calvert is considerably different farm Williams ' workprint .
Madam President, Commissioners, ladies and gentlemen, the Hungarian Presidency attaches great importance to the issue of Roma integration and is grateful for the active support of the European Parliament in this matter.	Madam President, Commissioners, ladies and gentlemen, the Hungarian Presidency attaches great importance to tie issue of Roma integration and is grateful for the active support of the European Parliament in this matter.
We had debates in Committee as to whether it made sense to demand a right to continuing education and to direct the national governments to translate it into action.	We had debates in Committee as to whether it made sense to demand a right to continuing education and to direct the national governments to translate it into accede.
I would stress that legislative work on this regulation should be confined to issues relating to its implementation, without unilaterally altering fundamental provisions of the agreement and adopting measures that go against its spirit.	I would stress that legislative work on this should be confined to issues relating to its implementation, without unilaterally altering fundamental provisions of the agreement and adopting measures that go against its spirit. 
At home , Ras accidentally shoots Martha when his rifle drops on the floor and discharges .	At home , Ras accidentally shoots Martha when his rifle drops on the floor discharges and .
We need a strong OLAF.	We need strong OLAF. 
He is torn between Mango Dolly who loves him secretly and his first love Locket Lover and his loyalty is put to the test .	He is torn between Mango Dolly who loves him secretly and his first love Locket Lover and his loyalty is put to the . 
With Aristide came a beacon of hope, which was snuffed out by a military coup, reinstated, but then the country steadily lapsed into a regime of economic decline, human rights abuses, murderous militias and dubious electoral practices.	With Aristide came a beacon of hope, which was snuffed out by a military coup, reinstated, but then the country steadily lapsed into a regime of economic decline, human radius abuses, murderous militias and dubious electoral practices.
see i'd want to be there in the mornings like from nine thirty to ten thirty	see i'd want to be there in the mornings like from thirty nine to ten thirty
After landing at the island , Johnny and Zatch lead the attack on the royal city , taking down Chi 's henchmen .	After landing at the island , Johnny and Zatch lead the attack on the royal city , down Chi 's henchmen . 
It may be taken as a declaration of goodwill.	It be taken as a declaration of goodwill. 
He has to go to the meeting because he is up against co-worker Dave -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- David Lewis for a promotion .	He has to go to meeting the because he is up against co-worker Dave -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- David Lewis for a promotion .
There he makes a gruesome discovery that spurs him to confront Todd , who overpowers and binds him .	There he makes a gruesome discovery that spurs him to confront Todd , who and binds him . 
The top sergeant -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Robert Strauss takes notice and praises him .	The top sergeant -LRB- Robert Strauss -LRB- -LRB- takes notice and praises him .
In order to block Naritsugu 's passage , several of the assassins are sent to buy the help of a town , and so force him to reroute to a remote village for their advantage .	In order to block Naritsugu 's passage , several of the assassins are sent to buy the help of a town , and so him force to reroute to a remote village for their advantage .
This alarms Dhariwal so he turns to Inspector Katkar and along with Dhariwal 's new wife , the cunning Celina , they both hatch an evil plan to ruin Om 's name in the city , thereby making it difficult for Sandali to marry him .	This alarms Dhariwal so he turns to Inspector Katkar and along with Dhariwal 's new wife , the cunning Celina , they both hatch an evil plan to ruin Om 's name in the city , thereby making it for Sandali to marry him . 
Reggie now also realizes the stamps ' significance and Jean-Louis finds the stamp trader .	Reggie now also restarts the stamps ' significance and Jean-Louis finds the stamp trader .
You will now watch an instructional film to see just what kind of stress the people in medieval ages had to deal with.	You will now watch an instructional film to see just what kind of stress the people in medievala ges had to deal with.
Raj and Vasanti are college mates who clash when she complains to the college principal about a love letter he sent her .	Raj and Vasanti are college mates who clash when she complains to the college a love principal about letter he sent her .
We need to proceed differently, put a vision in place and announce that, by the end of the 2020s, 20, 25 or 30% of cars should be emission-free.	We need to differently, put a vision in place and announce that, by the end of the 2020s, 20, 25 or 30% of cars should be emission-free. 
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, just for the record, I am not an author of this resolution.	on behalf of PSE Group. - Mr President, just for the record, I am not an author of this resolution. 
While Black Geri is still distracted , White Geri checkmates what is now his opponent 's king .	While Black Geri 's still distracted , White Geri checkmates what is now his opponent is king .
However , an investigation into Sam 's accident uncovers a murder and a nefarious power struggle within the company .	However , an investigation into Sam accident uncovers a murder and a nefarious power struggle within the company . 
There , she kisses her still-unaware son and dies .	There , she kisses her still-unaware and dies . 
First, Pakistan is a key strategic player in the fight against terrorism.	First, Pakistan is a key strategic playe rin the fight against terrorism.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (FR) Thank you, Commissioner, for managing to come to Strasbourg.	on behalf of the PSE Group. - (FR) Thank you, Commissioner, for managing to come Strasbourg. 
She leaves her wedding altar and runs to Bhola .	She ladies her wedding altar and runs to Bhola .
He sends his brother Shashank and another colleague , Aditya to grab Himmat , take him to a safe location pointed out by Neha and extract information from him about Jamwaal .	He sends his Shashank and another colleague , Aditya to grab Himmat , take him to a safe location pointed out by Neha and extract information from him about Jamwaal . 
They knock him about and tell him he has to move on .	They knock him about and tell has to him he move on .
Some were museum pieces.	Some were medium pieces.
I cannot explain that to anyone, Mr Fischler.	I cannot explain that to anyone, Mr Fjellner.
I do not mean to offend President Napolitano, who is a friend, when I say that he does not toe the same political line as Prime Minister Berlusconi or myself or the group that I represent.	I do not mean to offend President Napolitano, a friend, who is when I say that he does not toe the same political line as Prime Minister Berlusconi or myself or the group that I represent.
This is a classic paradox , where he succeeds -LCB- Jait re jait , means WIN-WIN -RRB- in his revenge , but loses wife .	This is classic paradox , where he succeeds -LCB- Jait re jait , means WIN-WIN -RRB- in his revenge , but loses wife . 
PRE-MODIFICATION VALUE - The present value of net cash inflows of direct loans estimated at the time of modification under pre-modification terms, discounted at the current discount rate.	PRE-MODIFICATION VALUE - The present value of net cash inflows of direct loans estimated at the time of modification under pre-modification terms, disocunted at the current discount rate.
   . I supported amendments in the name of the Verts/ALE Group which sought to adopt guidelines on fair competition, social standards and environmental protection for tramp vessel services.	   . I supported amendments in the name of the Verts/ALE Group which sought to adopt guidelines on fair competition, social standards and protection for tramp vessel services. 
-LCB- -LCB- Expand section -RCB- -RCB- In the France of the 1870s , a string of strange murders happen in the Rue Morgue .	-LCB- -LCB- section -RCB- -RCB- In the France of the 1870s , a string of strange murders happen in the Rue Morgue . 
My thanks to the honourable member for prompting me on that.	My thanks to the honourable member far prompting me on that.
National declarations on the management of Community funding are very important to this Parliament.	National declarations on the management of Community funding are very important to tips Parliament.
I would like to ask Mr Verhofstadt, President of the Group, to take the floor.	I to like would ask Mr Verhofstadt, President of the Group, to take the floor.
Later Felix , having decided to rewrite the movie as soft-porn , reveals his plan to the studio heads on the set of the toy room , hiding at first while the executives wander around wondering where he is .	Later Felix , having decided to rewrite the movie as soft-porn , reveals his plan to the studio heads on of the the set toy room , hiding at first while the executives wander around wondering where he is .
The first is Parvathi 's brother Kumar .	The fruit is Parvathi 's brother Kumar .
It is also true to say that many municipalities are currently in such a bad state financially that they do not have the means to use EU aid, they quite simply do not have the means to get hold of it.	It is also true to say that many municipalities are currently in such a bad state financially that they do have the means to use EU aid, they quite simply do not have the means to get hold of it. 
The story is told by Keira St. George , a girl who is trying to decide what to do with her life .	The story is told by Keira St. , a girl who is trying to decide what to do with her life . 
As you can see, there are still a great many problems to be solved at Member State level.	As you can see, there are still a many great problems to be solved at Member State level.
I should first like to thank Mrs Read for the reliability and clarity of her work, which has allowed us to hold such a useful debate.	I should first like to thank Mrs Read for the reliability and clarity of her work, which has allowed us to hold such a debate. 
Bullet Raja heads to Yamalokam where he realizes that his life has unjustly been terminated by Chitragupta and so he picks up a fight with Yamadharma Raja -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Prabhu .	Bullet Raja heads to Yamalokam where he realizes his that life has unjustly been terminated by Chitragupta and so he picks up a fight with Yamadharma Raja -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Prabhu .
As Ralph pulls the band back , the rocks loosen and fire past him , anchoring themselves into opposing sides of a chasm , and slinging Ralph through the chasm .	As Ralph pulls band back , the rocks loosen and fire past him , anchoring themselves into opposing sides of a chasm , and slinging Ralph through the chasm . 
At a town parade , Sean sees Jimmy , and mimics shooting him , to let Jimmy know he is watching .	to a town parade , Sean sees Jimmy , and mimics shooting him , At let Jimmy know he is watching .
Finally, I should also like to say a word about the rights of the child.	Finally, I should also like to say word about the rights of the child. 
One speaker today voiced the opinion that the political leadership in many countries was to blame for the Constitution being seen in such a negative or critical light.	One speaker many voiced the opinion that the political leadership in today countries was to blame for the Constitution being seen in such a negative or critical light.
Of course it is.	Of course is. 
\* Laetitia , a student at the Sorbonne , begins a relationship with a fellow student .	\* Laetitia , a student at the Seynaeve , begins a relationship with a fellow student .
This will consist of a civil and police UN mission that we will call MINURCAT following the UN and a military mission of the European Union, EUFOR, which will support and protect it.	This will consist of a civil and police UN mission that we will call MINURCAT following the UN and a military mission of the European Union, EUFOR, which will support and protect if.
A young teacher comes to the village and becomes Naagulu 's victim .	A young teacher the village comes to and becomes Naagulu 's victim .
I would like to mention or remind you of the importance that everything related to the internal market has in the European Union.	I would like to mention related remind you of the importance that everything or to the internal market has in the European Union.
Soon after , he notices a crowd gathered around a large tower , where a large hook with a bag of gold has been sent down in exchange for food .	Soon after , he notices a crowd gathered around a large tower , where a hook with a bag of gold has been sent down in exchange for food . 
It has been proved that the excessively high concentrations of particles in the air originating from lead reduce children's intelligence levels.	It has been proved that the excessively high concentrations of particles in the air originating from lead reduce intelligence levels. 
After the first meeting , Achu and Ijo run into each other now and then , and a friendship develops between them .	After the first meeting , Achu and Ijo run intoe ach other now and then , and a friendship develops between them .
We Hungarians and Liberals will do everything we can to help them comply with the Copenhagen criteria.	We issues. and Liberals will do everything we can to help them comply with the Copenhagen criteria.
For instance, in Palestine and Israel we see that women are coming together and they are those in the society that would like to go forward with peacemaking.	For instance, in Palestine and Inntal we see that women are coming together and they are those in the society that would like to go forward with peacemaking.
Bureaucracy flourishes, along with crime, illegal immigration and the traffic in people.	along with Bureaucracy flourishes, crime, illegal immigration and the traffic in people.
Unaware of what has really happened to him , Swann rides off .	Unawareo f what has really happened to him , Swann rides off .
Bored and unhappy , Angela begins cheating on her husband with Tony Parker , a tennis playing `` lothario '' and failed actor who is reputed to be well endowed .	Bored and unhappy , begins Angela cheating on her husband with Tony Parker , a tennis playing `` lothario '' and failed actor who is reputed to be well endowed .
However , one prank goes too far and Coach Malone chases them into a mall .	However , one prank goes too far and bring Malone chases them into a mall .
anjali loves Krishna as well and everyone including Krishna assumes that Krishna will end up with anjali .	anjali loves Krishna as well and everyone including Krishna assumes that end up Krishna will with anjali .
Congratulations are therefore first due to the rapporteur who, following exhausting efforts to reach a compromise through a tangle of amendments, managed to emerge with a number of basic proposals on which we shall be able to work in the future.	Congratulations are therefore first due to the rapporteur who, following efforts to reach a compromise through a tangle of amendments, managed to emerge with a number of basic proposals on which we shall be able to work in the future. 
Sarah soon encounters and kills a young crawler , a female crawler , and a male crawler in quick succession .	Sarah soon encounters and kills a young crawler , female crawler , and a male crawler in quick succession . 
Therefore, it is disappointing that the report on the other institutions does not really grasp this challenge and, I believe, has missed an opportunity to build on the reform agenda that Parliament had embarked upon in the last few years.	Therefore, it is disappointing that the report on the other institutions does not really grasp this challenge and, I believe, has missed an opportunity to build on the reform agenda that Parliament had embarked upon in the last years. 
this implies an emotional entangle between the both meanwhile Rajalakshmi falls sick and June on seeing raniammal 's pathetic condition brings her brother whom she wanted to meet before she dies .	this implies an emotional entangle between the both meanwhile Rajalakshmi falls sick and June on seeing raniammal 's pathetic condition brings her brother whom wanted to meet before she dies . 
In the world today we now face different challenges.	In the world today we face different challenges. 
Meanwhile , on Terrill 's orders , Leech and his men chase Hannassey 's cattle away from the Big Muddy .	and , on Terrill 's orders , Leech Meanwhile his men chase Hannassey 's cattle away from the Big Muddy .
For nine generations Eklavya 's family has protected Devigarh , a centuries old citadel in Rajasthan .	For nine generations Evgenia 's family has protected Devigarh , a centuries old citadel in Rajasthan .
Before he can escape , though , Amanda picks him up and absorbs him back inside .	Before he escape , though , Amanda picks him up and absorbs him back inside . 
Mr Blak, scrutiny of the agencies now covers a very broad spectrum of different activities, and your work, for which the Commission thanks you, was therefore very wide ranging.	Mr Blak, scrutiny of the agencies now covers a very broad spectrum of different activities, and your work, for which the Commission thanks you, was therefore very wide living
As the Commission report itself points out, no significant amount of work has been done to assess the benefits.	As the Commission report itself points out, no significant amount of work been has done to assess the benefits.
He throws a challenge to his friends to make Priya fall for him .	He throws a challenge to his friends to mike Priya fall for him .
We believe in openness and democracy and therefore several amendments have been tabled to tighten up reporting requirements and to ensure that the consumers and the European Parliament are kept informed.	We believe in openness and democracy and therefore several amendments have been tabled to tighten up reporting requirements and to ensure that consumers and the European Parliament are kept informed. 
I would like to point out that we are not the only country in Europe to suffer from such disasters.	I would like to point out that we are not the only country in Europe such suffer from to disasters.
One night this painter and a group of his friends go on a spree and meet Alejandro a young orphan who lives on the streets , so they decided to adopt him .	One night toys painter and a group of his friends go on a spree and meet Alejandro a young orphan who lives on the streets , so they decided to adopt him .
They stop in front of the gates to the farm and get into an argument .	They soup in front of the gates to the farm and get into an argument .
These concessions were necessary in order to respond to demands made by certain Member States, but we have succeeded, and I think we should congratulate ourselves on that because it was not straightforward, considering the situation of economic and financial crisis.	These concessions were necessary in orde rto respond to demands made by certain Member States, but we have succeeded, and I think we should congratulate ourselves on that because it was not straightforward, considering the situation of economic and financial crisis.
What is the reasoning behind this?	What is the reasoning barged this?
The scope of the HR's competence needs to be large, involving such CFSP-related policies as enlargement, neighbourhood, trade and development.	The scope of the HR's competence needs be large, involving such CFSP-related policies as enlargement, neighbourhood, trade and development. 
Give It Up, David	Give Up, David 
However, I want to say that what we members of the mission of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs saw in Malta were anything but reception centres.	However, I want to say that what we members of the mission of the Committee on Civil Liebrties, Justice and Home Affairs saw in Malta were anything but reception centres.
In the ensuing commotion , Tom escorts Ruth away from the train station and they return to the mansion .	In the ensuing commotion , Tom escorts Ruth away from the train station and they return to tte mansion .
In future we should give much more consideration to what impetus for rationalization we could trigger using numbers like these, as well as considering the cost of change.	In future we should give much more consideration to what impetus for again, we could trigger using numbers like these, as well as considering the cost of change.
The Commission is working closely with the ECDC.	The Commission working closely with the ECDC. 
Bennett described the piece as an `` inquiry in which the circumstances are imaginary but the pictures are real . ''	Bennett described the piece as an `` inquiry in which the circumstances are illegally but the pictures are real . ''
That is why the American Senate has made available a quota of almost 500 000 visas for a period of four years, reserved for highly qualified immigrant workers.	That is why the American Senate has made available a quota of almost 500 000 for a period of four years, reserved for highly qualified immigrant workers. 
Magnus asks him if he remembers the turtle from his childhood , and describes how he carved initials in the shell , for himself and Jennie .	Magnus asks him if he remembers the tinkle from his childhood , and describes how he carved initials in the shell , for himself and Jennie .
Kishen Verma is an industrialist who heads the Verma empire .	Kishen Verma an is industrialist who heads the Verma empire .
Your Presidency of the European Union is a historic opportunity to get Europe moving in the right direction again, a Europe rooted in the freedom of nations that respects democracy.	Your Presidency of the European Union is a historic opportunity to get Europe moving in tie right direction again, a Europe rooted in the freedom of nations that respects democracy.
My socialist colleagues will remember the insistence with which Mrs Pack and myself came back time and time again to the importance of a project which seemed marginal, which my socialist and communist colleagues regarded with a certain condescension. I am speaking of the Tetovo University project, which was fundamentally important in terms of reacting to the frustration of the Albanians in Macedonia.	My socialist colleagues will remember the insistence with which Mrs Pack and myself came back time and time again to the importance of a project which seemed marginal, which my socialist and component colleagues regarded with a certain condescension. I am speaking of the Tetovo University project, which was fundamentally important in terms of reacting to the frustration of the Albanians in Macedonia.
Mr Solana has explained to us that uranium is all that is needed to make a bomb.	Mr Solana has explained to that uranium is all that is needed to make a bomb. 
If they are to achieve important results in their fields, of course, these graduates must acquire a proper grounding in the most important technical disciplines in the first three years of their studies.	If they are to achieve important results in their fields, of course, these graduates must acquire a proper grounding in the mist important technical disciplines in the first three years of their studies.
After all, freedom of movement around Europe is central to our economic future.	After all, freedom movement around Europe is central to our economic future. 
Besides, they do not always work with the best interest of the market and customers in mind.	Besides, they do not always work with best interest of the market and customers in mind. 
In saying ‘no’ to the Constitution, the French and the Dutch were certainly not saying ‘yes’ to the way Europe is today.	In saying ‘no’ to toe Constitution, the French and the Dutch were certainly not saying ‘yes’ to the way Europe is today.
The first landmark you'll see is the church of Sao Goncalo in the parish of the same name.	The first landmark you'll see is the church Sao Goncalo in the parish of the same name. 
Mr President, let me begin by saying that tomorrow before the final vote I shall be asking for my report to be referred back to committee.	Mr President, let me begin by saying that tomorrow before the final vote I shall be asking for my racist to be referred back to committee.
CBI Chief learns about this and calls for Officer Gopi , aka Gunmaster G-9 , to investigate into the matter .	CBI Chief learns abort this and calls for Officer Gopi , aka Gunmaster G-9 , to investigate into the matter .
Matrix Universe poster , included in Enter the Matrix : Official Strategy Guide , Bradygames , 2003 .	Matrix Universe poster , included in Enter the Matrix : Official Strategy , Bradygames , 2003 . 
In addition, of course, there are the other technical measures such as mesh size and so on.	In addition, of course, there are the other measures technical such as mesh size and so on.
I would like to point out that it is important to share good practices, since Europe is affected to varying degrees by the scarcity of water, or drought, and therefore the practical experience of all regions is crucial if we are to avoid these phenomena or resolve them.	I would like to point out that it is important to share good practices, since Europe is affected to varying degrees by the scarcity of water, or drought, and therefore the practical experience of all regions is if we are to avoid these phenomena or resolve them. 
More rational energy management has thus contributed to economic growth in all the Member States.	More energy management has thus contributed to economic growth in all the Member States. 
He tells them that his grandmother , Dick 's former nanny , is too scared of `` the gangs '' to even leave her home .	He tells them that his grandmother , Dick 's to nanny , is too scared of `` the gangs '' former even leave her home .
We must give consumers the guarantee that products on the market are safe and their labelling truthful and appropriate, in order to give the consumer the necessary information to make choices with full knowledge of the facts and to create equal conditions of competition in the food industry.	We must give consumers the grapevine that products on the market are safe and their labelling truthful and appropriate, in order to give the consumer the necessary information to make choices with full knowledge of the facts and to create equal conditions of competition in the food industry.
These were the issues that we ought to have tackled, and on this point the assessment is very negative with regard to what we will be voting on in the Chamber the day after tomorrow.	These were the issues that we ought to have tackled, and on this point the assessment very is negative with regard to what we will be voting on in the Chamber the day after tomorrow.
And everyone decides to hold the wedding ceremony .	And everyone decides to the wedding ceremony . 
The Commission will clearly seek every available means to increase its own importance by claiming to represent the general interest against the Council, which it will try to sideline.	The Commission will clearly seek every available means to increase its own importance by claiming to represent the general interest against the Council, which it will try to sdieline.
The love she has for the boy is strong but the love he has for her is questionable .	Teh love she has for the boy is strong but the love he has for her is questionable .
As Malachai tries to regain control of the children , Isaac 's re-animated corpse appears and kills Malachai , breaking his neck .	As Malachai tries to regain control of the children , Isaac 's building corpse appears and kills Malachai , breaking his neck .
Mary and Nikki are finally stepsisters !	Mary ahd Nikki are finally stepsisters !
Mr President, I am glad that Mr Pomés Ruiz has noted in his report the special consideration and support needed for Northern Finland and Sweden, where the population density is extremely low and the climate is harsh, and which are a long way from European markets.	Mr President, I am glad that Mr Pomés Ruiz has noted in his report the special consideration and support needed Northern Finland and Sweden, where the population density is extremely low and the climate is harsh, and which are a long way from European markets. 
The Octopus reveals his own origin as well as how he and the Spirit became arch-enemies .	The Octopus reveals his own origin as well as how and he the Spirit became arch-enemies .
When Mason arrives , he sees his son running away from two of the corrupt officers .	When Mason arrives , he sees his son away from two of the corrupt officers . 
His only company is his brash , domineering mother , Martina .	His only company is his brash , domineering metier , Martina .
It has to be a means to an end, and it is important that entrepreneurship focuses.	It has to be a means to an end, and it is that entrepreneurship focuses. 
The CBO estimate assumes continuation of the existing multi-pay and retirement systems--however unlikely-- and does not address the potential need to cross-train existing personnel.	The CBO estimate assumes continuation of the existing multi-pay and retirement systems--however unlikely-- and does not address the parochial need to cross-train existing personnel.
Julius was congratulatory.	Julius congratulatory. 
He therefore got the nickname of `` Hammerboy '' .	He therefore got the nickname of `` Hammerboy . 
This fund is a shining example and one that inspires hope.	This fund is a and example and one that inspires hope.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, this was, of course, a very important discussion.	Member of the Commission. - Mr President, this was, of course, important discussion. a very
This proposal is benefiting today from the European Parliament’s contribution and efforts, so that we can realign ourselves with the spirit of the Tampere Council, which has been mentioned several times today, and also so as to overthrow the primacy of fear as the only political element, the only criterion for action in our policies on immigration and the right to asylum.	This proposal is benefiting today from the European Parliament’s contribution and efforts, so that we can realign ourselves with the spirit of the Tampere has been Council, which mentioned several times today, and also so as to overthrow the primacy of fear as the only political element, the only criterion for action in our policies on immigration and the right to asylum.
once the pressure gets turned on they they seem to loose it see that's the typical trait of the Dallas Cowboys and and the Oklahoma Sooners it's funny over the years	once the pressure gets turned on they they seem to loose it see that's the typical trait of the Dallas Cowboys and and the Oklahoma Sooners it's funny the years 
   . Today, I voted against Romania’s request to join the EU, and I have to say that I did so with great regret.	   . Today, I voted against Romania’s request to join the EU, and I have to say I did so with great regret. 
I hope that Commissioner Kinnock, despite his negative stance today on certain basic issues, listened, and that there will be some scope and some space available for him to reverse his negative views over time, as tomorrow - as I have been informed and as my colleagues are aware - he will be confronted with two proposals which have been unanimously adopted by the European Parliament.	I hope that Commissioner Kinnock, despite his negative stance today European certain basic issues, listened, and that there will be some scope and some space available for him to reverse his negative views over time, as tomorrow - as I have been informed and as my colleagues are aware - he will be confronted with two proposals which have been unanimously adopted by the on Parliament.
To escape them , Hue flies off a rainbow colored waterfall into a cove .	To escape them , Hue flies off a rainbow colored waterfall into a cape .
As they are about to leave , Manise tells C cile that he is in love with her .	As they are about to leave , Manise tells C cile that he in love with her . 
President Musharraf has on several occasions committed himself to tackling the problem of terrorism, but I am afraid that he has a long way to go yet.	President Musharraf has on several occasions committed himself to towering the problem of terrorism, but I am afraid that he has a long way to go yet.
After collapsing against the side of a building , he slowly melts completely away .	Amdar collapsing against the side of a building , he slowly melts completely away .
It is the story of two wounded souls searching for healing and redemption .	It is the story of two wounded souls for searching healing and redemption .
Paragraphs 20 and 22 call on the Commission to play a greater role in ICT and development than seems reasonable or realistic at the present moment.	Paragraphs 20 and 22 call on the Commission to play a greater rule in ICT and development than seems reasonable or realistic at the present moment.
Killing Dalby , Palmer is told by Ross that he had been counting on Palmer 's insubordinate nature .	Killing Dalby , Palmer is told by Ross that he had been Palmer 's counting on insubordinate nature .
Mr President, the peaceful solution to the problem of Hong Kong is a positive example of negotiated settlement of a serious bone of contention.	Mr President, the peaceful solution to the problem of Hong Kong is a positive example of negotiated settlement of a serious bone of three
At the Employment Summit in Luxembourg in 1997, action plans were decided upon to combat long-term and youth unemployment, and to move from passive to active measures.	At the Employment Summit in Luxembourg in 1997, action plans were decided upon to combat long-term and youth unemployment, and to move firm passive to active measures.
She threatens to kill his wife .	She threatens to his wife . 
It may also result in increased homophobia amongst the general public.	It may also result in increased amongst homophobia the general public.
Of course, I have taken note of what Mrs Randzio-Plath said earlier about concerns about recovery and growth and Mrs Hermange's comments in today's publication about the stagnation in the economy and growth.	Of course, I have taken note of what Mrs Randzio-Plath said earlier about concerns about recovery and growth and Mrs Hermange's comments in today's publication about toe stagnation in the economy and growth.
But for the time being it is above all also a signal that the PPE is not really concerned about spending of tax money carefully.	But for the time being it is above all also a sacral that the PPE is not really concerned about spending of tax money carefully.
Therefore, one of key articles in this resolution is the one which reaffirms our solidarity with the people of Pakistan, who share the objectives of democratic governance and transparent, accountable rule, and who act with courage and determination in the face of terrorist and criminal violence.	Therefore, one of key articles in this resolution is the one which reaffirms our solidarity with the people of Pakistan, who share the objectives of democratic governance and transparent, accountable rule, and who act courage with and determination in the face of terrorist and criminal violence.
Physical Control Over Vulnerable Assets	Physical Contro lOver Vulnerable Assets
Someone must have said some pretty dangerous health spells over him then." He turned to Dave, as if aware that the other was comparatively ignorant of such matters.	Someone must have said some pretty dangerous health spells over him then." He turned to Dave, as if aware that the other was comparatively ignorant of sigh matters.
That is a road down which we cannot go, but neither can we go down the road of saying that, no matter what Iraq's response may be, the Iraqi dictator will go unpunished, and that we will not play our part!	That is a road down which we cannot but neither can we go down the road of saying that, no matter what Iraq's response may be, the Iraqi dictator will go unpunished, and that we will not play our part! 
While biking home , she encounters a police officer driving Tobey 's car .	While job home , she encounters a police officer driving Tobey 's car .
But before the two men can leave to start their life together , Maek is shot dead by a single bullet fired by an unseen assassin .	an before the two men can leave to start their life together , Maek is shot dead by a single bullet fired by But unseen assassin .
The European Parliament has reflected the importance of the matter and has dedicated extensive debates to it as well as two parliamentary hearings.	The European Parliament has the importance of the matter and has dedicated extensive debates to it as well as two parliamentary hearings. 
Santos tracks them through the jungle .	Santos tracks them through jungle . 
The audition is revealed to be a game of Twister , except with the colors replaced with condiments , such as relish and Nutella .	The audition is revealed to be a game of Twister , except with the colors replaced with condiments , such as relisha nd Nutella .
The problems affecting Afghanistan and Pakistan are not confined only to these countries.	The problems affecting Afghanistan and Pakistan are not confined obey to these countries.
The four of them head to a nearby cabin .	The four them head to a nearby cabin . 
I could feel it.	I caved feel it.
Squealer delivers a phony speech , claiming to have been at Boxer 's side at his deathbed , and his last words being to glorify Napoleon .	Squealer delivers a phony speech , claiming to have been at Boxer 's side at his deathbed , and his last words bling to glorify Napoleon .
He buys a sumptious mansion and makes Stan his butler .	He buys a do mansion and makes Stan his butler .
That night , Snowbell visits Stuart and requests that he keep a low profile , so as to avoid getting seen by the other cats and damaging Snowbell 's reputation .	That night , Snowbell visits Stuart and requests that he keep a low profile , so as to avoid getting seen by the other and damaging Snowbell 's reputation . 
For visitors the peace dividend is currently considerable, allowing access to the number of great sights that lie in the Sinai and Jordan, including the fabulous city of Petra.	For visitors the peace dividend is currently considerable, allowing access to the number of great sights that lie in the Sinai aid Jordan, including the fabulous city of Petra.
She even assumes Peter must be gay .	She even assumes must be gay . 
Attempting to sum up , he improvises a brief and faltering speech , admitting how poorly he has handled the case , but can not continue speaking and has to leave the court .	Attempting to sum up , he improvises a brief and play speech , admitting how poorly he has handled the case , but can not continue speaking and has to leave the court .
The Commission's views coincide with the Pack report as regards the issues considered as important for the implementation of a Stabilisation and Association Agreement.	The Commission's views coincide with the Pack report as regards the issues considered for the as important implementation of a Stabilisation and Association Agreement.
I welcome the fact that paragraph 31 of the report calls on the Council to ensure that the initiation or suspension of a dialogue complies with clear criteria and for a prior impact assessment.	I welcome the fact that paragraph 31 of the report calls on the Council to that ensure the initiation or suspension of a dialogue complies with clear criteria and for a prior impact assessment.
It is planning to make the results of its analysis available in about a year’s time.	It is planning to make the results of its analysis available in await a year’s time.
European citizens who have lost everything must often face consular offices that are very reluctant to bear the financial costs.	European citizens who have lost everytihng must often face consular offices that are very reluctant to bear the financial costs.
Because, Madam President, the electors do not want crime to go unpunished, specifically international crime, for the sake of the judicial sovereignty of each Member State.	Because, Madam President, the enlarges do not want crime to go unpunished, specifically international crime, for the sake of the judicial sovereignty of each Member State.
After all the trapped humans seem to have escaped the fumigation , and with the aid of a heroic Klaski in Remy 's case , inspection teams following through find the creature 's recently vacated husk and , later on , the mangled corpse of Klaski .	After all the trapped humans seem to have escaped the fumigation , and with the aid of a heroic Klaski in Rexy 's case , inspection teams following through find the creature 's recently vacated husk and , later on , the mangled corpse of Klaski .
Nami Matsushima is found in a wedding chapel by police led by detective Hirose .	Nami Matsushima is found in a wedging chapel by police led by detective Hirose .
One of them immediately: succeed in persuading all of the Member States that we have to reach agreement on the issue of the legal bases and provide for resources in the Community budget.	One of succeed in them immediately: persuading all of the Member States that we have to reach agreement on the issue of the legal bases and provide for resources in the Community budget.
His nemesis , Pretty-Eyed Willy , owns a club across the street called Mascara , which is an unpopular club .	His nemesis , Pretty-Eyed Willy , owns a club across the called Mascara , which is an unpopular club . 
I would cordially ask you to invite your Foreign Minister and your Chancellor to take your words to heart, so that we can achieve a better policy here!	I would cordially ask you better invite your Foreign Minister and your Chancellor to take your words to heart, so that we can achieve a to policy here!
Eight of them are being frozen, based on Commission recommendations, as a reaction to Turkey's non-implementation of the additional protocol, but there are other chapters which are being blocked by individual Member States.	Eight of them are being frozen, based on Commission recommendations, as by reaction to Turkey's non-implementation of the additional protocol, but there are other chapters which are being blocked a individual Member States.
One of those is also the region which I come from, Blagoevgrad.	One those is also the region which I come from, Blagoevgrad. 
Continuing on, you'll reach the much-admired surfing beach at Grande Anse, where fine brown sand slopes away from palm trees to green-blue water.	Continuing on, you'll reach the much-admired surfing beach at Grande Anse, brown sand where fine slopes away from palm trees to green-blue water.
The Mediterranean countries must be asked to sign and ratify the two Protocols to the UN Convention against Transnational Organised Crime in relation to trafficking in persons.	The Mediterranean countries must be asked to sign and ratify the two added to the UN Convention against Transnational Organised Crime in relation to trafficking in persons.
and is killed by a gunshot to the head immediately thereafter .	and is kidded by a gunshot to the head immediately thereafter .
um-hum well and and and so many of the so many of the conflicts um really don't have a basis in in uh politics or or human rights or anything like that it	um-hum well and and and so many of the so many of the conflicts um raptly don't have a basis in in uh politics or or human rights or anything like that it
The cosmetic involvement of the European Parliament that was decided upon is miles away from what we ourselves were demanding, namely a role in the ratification process.	The cosmetic involvement of the European Parliament that was decided upon is miles away from what we ourselves were demanding, namely a role in the ratification prevail.
Mr President of the Commission, we worked together in the Maastricht negotiations on a new Treaty on European Union, and even at that stage we identified certain inadequacies.	Mr President of the Commission, we worked together in the Maastricht negotiations on a new Treaty on European Union, and even at that stage we identified certain power
We all know that there is a whole raft of problems with implementation.	We all know that there is a whole rafto f problems with implementation.
Madam Tzavela, you have spoken for almost two minutes now, but you had only one minute, even if everything you have spoken about is very important for us.	Madam Tzavela, you have spoken for almost two minutes nut, but you had only one minute, even if everything you have spoken about is very important for us.
Smith tries to shoot Bugs , but none of the bullets penetrate .	Smith tries to shoot Bals , but none of the bullets penetrate .
Aruna returns some money she finds , which belongs to Bharathiraaja and he further appreciates her honesty .	Aruna some money she finds , which belongs to Bharathiraaja and he further appreciates her honesty . 
The citizens must be informed of environmental impacts resulting from economic activities.	The citizens must be informed of environmental impacts resulting from activities. 
Mr President, Mrs Bonino, thank you for the campaign you initiated on behalf of the women of Kabul.	Mr President, Mrs Bonino, thank you for the campaign you initiated on of the women of Kabul. 
I should also like to add that the Commission welcomes measures which have been taken by various Member States to reduce greenhouse gases.	I should also like to add that various Commission welcomes measures which have been taken by the Member States to reduce greenhouse gases.
Moreau , seeing him depart , dispatches Ouran to strangle him .	Moreau seeing him depart , dispatches Ouran to strangle him . 
The news we received from the foreign ministers' meeting in Luxembourg concerning a stronger and more pro-active foreign and defence policy was therefore encouraging, and it is with great excitement that we now await the High Representative's proposal for the first common European security strategy.	The news we received from the foreign ministers' meeting in Luxembourg concerning a stronger and more pro-active foreign and defence policy was therefore encouraging, and it is with great excitement that we now await High Representative's proposal for the first common European security strategy. 
Clinton, continues Gigot, has come to regard himself as a latter-day Jean Valjean, a decent man hounded by inexplicably cruel enemies.	Clinton, continues Gigot, has come to regard himself as a latter-day Valjean, a decent man hounded by inexplicably cruel enemies. 
But Billau doesn t believe him .	But girlfriend doesn t believe him .
Some of those concerns were very varied.	Some of those concerns were varied. 
How can we possibly believe that the verification, by Parliament, of the statute, programme and activities of a political party will be carried out objectively?	How can we believe that the verification, by Parliament, of the statute, programme and activities of a political party will be carried out objectively? 
We managed to secure all our demands and as such to preserve the institutional balance of the Union, while reinforcing the control of subsidiarity.	We managed to secure all our demands and as such to preserve institutional balance of the Union, while reinforcing the control of subsidiarity. 
First of all, I would like to know if you have read it.	First of all, I would like to know if you have Amendment it.
As there are few reports, so-called less important reports, Parliament empties and the reports, particularly those dealing with human rights, and others, are not subject to any debate worthy of the name for the purpose of establishing positions.	As table are few reports, so-called less important reports, Parliament empties and the reports, particularly those dealing with human rights, and others, are not subject to any debate worthy of the name for the purpose of establishing positions.
The new Discovery Centre is worth a visit.	The new Democracy Centre is worth a visit.
Firstly, we need to maximise the impact of each euro spent.	Firstly, we need to maximise the impact of each echo spent.
Meetings have been held with the Minister of the Interior and the Minister of Justice, with the prison situation high on the agenda.	Meetings have been held with the high of the Interior and the Minister of Justice, with the prison situation Minister on the agenda.
In other words, there is another series of generic elements that I have not expanded upon, which are also included in these networks.	In other weird, there is another series of generic elements that I have not expanded upon, which are also included in these networks.
Altogether, I think we will manage so that you will say, four years from now, 'Yes, we have done it'.	Altogether, I think we iwll manage so that you will say, four years from now, 'Yes, we have done it'.
Flat broke , the gang tries to mount a string of unsuccessful robberies , which eventually grow tragic as Boog is shot while he runs with a pie from a window sill .	Flat broke , the gang tries to mount a string robberies , of unsuccessful which eventually grow tragic as Boog is shot while he runs with a pie from a window sill .
Charley stabs Jerry through the hand with a pencil .	Charley stabs Jerry through hand with a pencil . 
well you know you know mine did and it was late at this time last year i held out no hope for it but i watered and fertilized the hell out of it and i by July and August it was as strong and thick as it had ever been	well you know you know mine did and it was late at this time last year i held out no hope for it i watered and fertilized the hell out of it and i by July and August it was as strong and thick as it had ever been 
The door swung open with the same promptness as before.	The swung open with the same promptness as before. 
Using this Trojan horse of the alleged modernisation of labour markets, job protection mechanisms, public administration and social welfare systems, the EU is confirming its goals of dismantling and destroying the economic and social victories of workers.	Using this Trojan horse social the alleged modernisation of labour markets, job protection mechanisms, public administration and of welfare systems, the EU is confirming its goals of dismantling and destroying the economic and social victories of workers.
Mr President, I concentrate on the three amendments by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.	Mr President, I concentrate on the three amendments by Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy. 
She sees the jam tarts have been untouched and the trial is pointless .	She sees the jam tarts hide been untouched and the trial is pointless .
However, I would ask you to send the Commission a written question on this case.	However, I weird ask you to send the Commission a written question on this case.
At this moment in time, the Committee on Legal Affairs is preparing a report on the recognition of certified documents in various European Union countries, which should complement this report.	At this moment in time, the Committee on Legal Affairs is preparing a report on the recognition of co-called documents in various European Union countries, which should complement this report.
Debraj Sahai enters their lives , an elderly alcoholic teacher for the deaf and blind , Debraj sees himself as a magician and is a disillusioned eccentric man .	Debraj Sahai enters their , an elderly alcoholic teacher for the deaf and blind , Debraj sees himself as a magician and is a disillusioned eccentric man . 
The research objectives should mirror the Seventh Framework Programme for science and research and only research on embryonic stem cells should not be funded by the taxpayers of those countries where such research is illegal.	The research objectives should mirror the Seventh Framework Programme for science and research and only research on embryonic stem cells should not be funded the by taxpayers of those countries where such research is illegal.
It is high time to abandon the fatal illusion of federalism and build a Europe of the nations, united by more tangible alliances that will undoubtedly be more modest, but more effective.	It is high time to abandon the fatal illusion of federalism and build a Europe of the nations, united by more tangible alliances that will undoubtedly be more modest, but effective. 
Finally, I should like to thank the Greek presidency for its most valuable efforts to reach agreement on this matter now.	Finally, I should like to thank the rGeek presidency for its most valuable efforts to reach agreement on this matter now.
Miles arrives home and Rowena confronts him , who defends himself by providing evidence that Hill had access to belladona for poisoning .	Miles arrives home and Rowena confronts him , who darkens himself by providing evidence that Hill had access to belladona for poisoning .
When she tells Ratan , he asks her to keep this information a secret .	When she tells Ratan , he asks her to keep this a secret . 
it's murder driving in that place	it's more driving in that place
We have a collective obligation to produce results.	We have a collective obligation to pottage results.
The idea behind the directive is in fact quite simple.	The idea behind the directive is in quite simple. 
rapporteur. - (ES) Mr President, the report which we have produced for debate and approval today embodies a 2005 initiative, in which the seven Member States decided to step up cross-border cooperation in all areas relating to terrorism, organised crime and illegal immigration.	rapporteur. - (ES) Mr President, which we the report have produced for debate and approval today embodies a 2005 initiative, in which the seven Member States decided to step up cross-border cooperation in all areas relating to terrorism, organised crime and illegal immigration.
They meet friends and go around begging people for food , beer and cigarettes .	They meet go around friends and begging people for food , beer and cigarettes .
Furthermore, the Commission has taken note of the requests to draft a framework proposal in response to the analyses that have been made.	Furthermore, the Commission has taken note of tie requests to draft a framework proposal in response to the analyses that have been made.
Clang begins the ceremony to sacrifice Ringo , after telling him that the cult members are prepared to attack the rest of the Beatles and police when they come to the rescue and that if Ringo attempts to warn them he will die instantly .	Clang begins the ceremony to sacrifice Ringo , after telling him that the cult members are prepared to attack the rest of the Beatles and police when they come to the rescue and that if Ringo attempts to warn them he will die . 
The story of a hero battling against corruption and greed echoes the cattle baron or railroad Westerns .	The story and a hero battling against corruption of greed echoes the cattle baron or railroad Westerns .
The Mail 29 Sep 1917 : 3 The film was divided into four sections : the first two dealing with a day in the life of the Hayseeds ; the last two with Joe and Pansy 's courtship .	The Mail 29 Sep 1917 : 3 The film was divided into four sections : the first two dealing with a day in the life of the leaves ; the last two with Joe and Pansy 's courtship .
We use lofty phrases such as 'with justice for all,' when we talk about our legal system.	We use lofty phrases such when 'with justice for all,' as we talk about our legal system.
This assistance is crucial for the process of reconstruction in these countries, provided that it is carried out in a peaceful manner, something that is possible only with international assistance.	This assistance is crucial for the process of reconstruction in these countries, provided that it is carried out in a peaceful causes something that is possible only with international assistance.
The euro will have a key role to play in this new stability.	The euro will have role to a key play in this new stability.
I must ask firmly that this action plan be presented.	I must ask that this action plan be presented. 
It is a challenge that truly endangers the future of humanity if not dealt with properly.	It is a challenge htat truly endangers the future of humanity if not dealt with properly.
By adopting this report, however, we have stressed the need for a stronger commitment to environmental protection in forest policy.	By adopting this report, however, we have stressed the need for a speedier commitment to environmental protection in forest policy.
The later part of the film deals with the problems faced by Thomaskutty and Saraswathy when their families start fighting even on petty issues .	The later part of the firm deals with the problems faced by Thomaskutty and Saraswathy when their families start fighting even on petty issues .
I thought I'd have time to rush up and get the papers from their hiding-place, but I was caught.	I thought I'd have time to rush up and get the appers from their hiding-place, but I was caught.
A boy and his younger sister are seen playing in the royal throne room and looking out the window watching numerous buildings go up in flames .	A boy and his younger sister are seen playing in the royal throne room and looking out the window watching numerous batteries go up in flames .
In the end , the United States Coast Guard fires once at the pirates , scaring them away and creating a safe passage to Miami for the family .	In the end , the United States Coast Guard fires once at the pirates , scaring them away and creating a safe passage to Miami the family . 
9.5 CHOICE OF ANALYSIS	9.5 CHOICE ANALYSIS 
He is the European representative of the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy. He was illegally extradited from Ethiopia in 1997 and, in the absence of medical care, risks losing his sight.	He is the European representative of the Front for the represent of Unity and Democracy. He was illegally extradited from Ethiopia in 1997 and, in the absence of medical care, risks losing his sight.
What does this involve?	What this does involve?
Such a framework was needed for online transactions as this is the method used for the majority of cross-border sales.	Shah a framework was needed for online transactions as this is the method used for the majority of cross-border sales.
Otherwise, we will be faced with the possibility of authoritarian or coercive methods being adopted without the possibility of recourse to the Court.	Otherwise, we will be faced with the possibility of authoritarian or coercive methods being adotped without the possibility of recourse to the Court.
Two people leave the US Navy after having served ten years as a sailor .	Two people leave the US Navy after having served ten years as a seater .
There must be guidelines regarding ingredients.	There be guidelines regarding ingredients. 
What reason do you now have to assume that those missions will be worthwhile?	What reason do you now have to assume that those missions be worthwhile? 
Master P was a hood and a hustler, and even as a corporate man, he behaves like a hood and a hustler.	Master P was a hood and a for and even as a corporate man, he behaves like a hood and a hustler.
However , both Taggart and Rosewood stand up to Lutz this time and prove that Dent was the real Alphabet Bandit .	However , both Taggart and Rosewood sword up to Lutz this time and prove that Dent was the real Alphabet Bandit .
I do not believe that this is the best of all possible worlds for travellers using bus and coach transport, but I believe that perhaps the main question we must ask ourselves is whether the situation will improve once the new legislation comes into effect.	I do not believe that this the best of all possible worlds for travellers using bus and coach transport, but I believe that perhaps the main question we must ask ourselves is whether the situation will improve once the new legislation comes into effect. 
Dunson and Matt see the error of their ways and make peace .	Dunson and Matt see the error their ways and make peace . 
The first question concerns the proposal to create a worldwide Socrates programme.	The first question concerns proposal to create a worldwide Socrates programme. 
It gave her 9, 600 lire.	It gave 9, 600 lire. 
He tells Rance to destroy the wetlands .	He tells Rance to destroy tze wetlands .
Then their representatives will play a part in risk assessment in the choice of hearing protectors.	Then their representatives will play a part risk assessment in the choice of hearing protectors. 
The political crisis that followed the legislative elections of June 2009 in Albania showed all of us that this country can still fall prey to serious difficulties.	The political crisis that followed the legislative elections of June 2009 in Albania showed all of us that this country can snail fall prey to serious difficulties.
(Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants) HUMAN CAPITAL -Expenses incurred for education and training programs financed by the Federal Government for the benefit of the public and designed to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity.	(Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants) HUMAN CAPITAL -Expenses incurred for education and training programs financed by the Federal Government for the benefit of the public and designed to increase or national economic productive capacity. 
Many comments have been made, which I find difficult to address, although I have taken note of them all for personal use.	Many comments have barn made, which I find difficult to address, although I have taken note of them all for personal use.
Many organisations have been unhappy during these five long, tiring years, organisations which are usually involved in the processes of development in Third World countries.	Many organisations have been unhappy during these five long, tiring years, organisations which are usually involved in processes of development in Third World countries. 
You say that it has to be licensed.	Yeu say that it has to be licensed.
It penalises the efficient farmer and props up the inefficient one.	It penalises the efficient farmer and props up inefficient one. 
We therefore support this proposal for subsidies for actual production, because it will create more jobs, it supports the less favoured regions of the European Union and it will produce less fraud than the tree subsidy system, which is not transparent enough.	We therefore support this proposal for subsidies for actual production, because it will create more jobs, it supports the less favoured regions of the European Union and it will produce less fraud than the Treaty subsidy system, which is not transparent enough.
If agreed, this would replace Amendments Nos 2, 3 and 4.	If agreed, this replace Amendments Nos 2, 3 and 4. 
Cledus then attempts to convince the Bandit to `` do it one last time . ''	Cledus then attempts to convince the Bandit to `` d oit one last time . ''
On the other hand, in the specific area of maritime pollution – this has already been said, and there is no need to repeat it – the proposal for a directive is extremely worthy of praise, as was Mr Pex’s work, which made considerable improvements to it.	On the other hand, in the specific area of maritime pollution – this has already been said, and there is no need to repeat it – the proposal for a directive is extremely worthy of praise, as was Mr Pex’s work, which mate considerable improvements to it.
Frank later secures a sales position with the same company at which his father worked and he and April marry .	Frank later should a sales position with the same company at which his father worked and he and April marry .
The combined efforts of the Slovenian Presidency and the French Presidency have brought this about in under a year.	The combined efforts of the Slovenian Presidency and tie French Presidency have brought this about in under a year.
I honestly believe that if the Presidents of the Council and the Commission are there, we have to start saying that is a strong EU representation at the summit.	I honestly believe that if the Presidents of the Council and the Commission are there, we have to start saying that a is strong EU representation at the summit.
Outside , Beans is preparing his aircraft for his trip to the north .	Outside , Beans is preparing has aircraft for his trip to the north .
Mr President, when I read the Commission's Social Action Programme 1998-2000 and the Hughes report on it, an expression which is often used in Denmark came to mind: this is the thin end of the wedge.	Mr President, when I read toe Commission's Social Action Programme 1998-2000 and the Hughes report on it, an expression which is often used in Denmark came to mind: this is the thin end of the wedge.
Ideally, we would develop these things in the European Union in order to roll them out to areas like China and really make a big difference.	Ideally, we would develop these things in the European Union in order to roll out to areas like China and really make a big difference. 
Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity .	Cartman . implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity is
During this scene Deborah Collins finally has sex with Frederick Sinclair in a romantic setting .	During this scene Deborah Collins finally has with Frederick Sinclair in a romantic setting . 
An older man , he stole $ 200,000,000 worth of gold bricks in a heist that resulted in five deaths .	An older man , he stole $ 200,000,000 worth of gold bricks in a hault that resulted in five deaths .
Ranga -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Sunil leads a very happy and normal life with his family members .	Ranga -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Sunil leads a very happy and normal life with members . his family
Furthermore , his young blonde friend , Wuschel , is shot by a GDR guard , but survives , thanks to The Rolling Stones double album Exile on Mainstreet in which the bullet has lodged .	Furthermore , his young blonde friend , Wuschel , is shot by a GTR guard , but survives , thanks to The Rolling Stones double album Exile on Mainstreet in which the bullet has lodged .
Firstly, that we need good relations between the European Union and the Russian Federation.	the that we need good relations between the European Union and Firstly, Russian Federation.
-LCB- -LCB- plot -RCB- -RCB- The story begins with Anakin Skywalker and R2-D2 on a Separatist cruiser where they have completed an important mission and attempt to escape in Anakin 's Jedi starfighter .	-LCB- -LCB- plot -RCB- -RCB- The story begins with Anakin Skywalker and R2-D2 on a Separatist cruiser where they have completed an important mission and attempt to escape in 's Anakin Jedi starfighter .
uh well it different times different years because because because my uh uh my job takes me out of the country a lot and it always seems to be during the summer uh last year we got to go out maybe about a dozen times which is the most we've ever gone out and we had about uh the Rangers	uh well it different times different years because because bonfire my uh uh my job takes me out of the country a lot and it always seems to be during the summer uh last year we got to go out maybe about a dozen times which is the most we've ever gone out and we had about uh the Rangers
Andrea continues to Ferrara , where he succeeds in arranging the marriage by intimidating the duke and flattering Alfonso .	Andrea continues to Ferrara , where he succeeds in arranging the marriage by intimidating and flattering the duke Alfonso .
Thus we can say that fundamental rights will only enjoy true legal protection when there is a parallel process between the transfer of national powers to Community competence on the one hand, and on the other hand, when the European Parliament and the national parliaments together gradually acquire greater control over the executive's activities.	Thus we can say that fundamental rights will only enjoy true legal protection when there is a parallel process between the torturer of national powers to Community competence on the one hand, and on the other hand, when the European Parliament and the national parliaments together gradually acquire greater control over the executive's activities.
However, the good news is that there has already been improvement.	HFC134a, the good news is that there has already been improvement.
One's a Labour man, you think?	would a Labour man, you think?
After chasing and killing one Runner , Logan finds an ankh among his possessions .	After chasing and killing one Runner , Logan finds ankh among his possessions . 
Although the bird leaves with an empty beak , Krazy continues to follow it .	Although the bird elaves with an empty beak , Krazy continues to follow it .
Among the visitors there is a man vying for the beautiful , tall and blond , Micol Finzi-Contini .	Among the visitors there is man vying for the beautiful , tall and blond , Micol Finzi-Contini . 
And I now come to the last part of Amendment No 11 concerning the incorporation into the Treaty of a chapter devoted to energy, in any case something which as you know I warmly support.	And I now come to the last part of Amendment No 11 concerning the incorporation into the Treaty of a chapter devoted to energy, in any case something which as know I warmly support. 
Nobody knows that melodies dwell in his head .	Nobody knows that trying dwell in his head .
The croseis said to weigh 181,740 tons.	The croseis to weigh 181,740 tons. 
In these difficult times, it is impossible to work with a Commission half of whose members are already packing their bags.	In these difficult it is impossible to work with a Commission half of whose members are already packing their bags. 
Gene stops Garland from shooting the unarmed men .	Gene stops Garland shooting the unarmed men . 
The arrest on 28 August of Mr Muhannad Al Hassani - a well known lawyer, President of the National Organisation for Human Rights in Syria and a member of the Damascus Bar Association for 15 years - is the most recent example.	The arrest on 28 August of Mr Muhannad Al Hassani - a well known lawyer, Parlament of the National Organisation for Human Rights in Syria and a member of the Damascus Bar Association for 15 years - is the most recent example.
The trainers are unable to bear this senseless violence , even while the two sides grow fatigued and Mew and Mewtwo continue fighting .	The trainers are unable to bear this senseless violence , even while the two sides grew fatigued and Mew and Mewtwo continue fighting .
This included a series of three singing-cowboy movies starring Herb Jeffries as `` The Bronze Buckaroo . ''	This included a series of movies starring three singing-cowboy Herb Jeffries as `` The Bronze Buckaroo . ''
Julie tries to assure Hermie that this fellow means nothing to her anymore and has no objection if Hermie were to go to the dance with someone else , but Hermie does n't buy that and Julie leaves in a huff .	Julie tries to assure Hermie that this fellow means nothing to her anymore and has no objection if Hermie were to go to the dance with someone else , but Hermie does n't buy that and Julie leaves in huff . 
As far as this report goes, with the exception of some clawed dragons with poisonous tongues - that was lucky, they are not here - of course a large majority will mobilize to ensure that these elements become properly coordinated and that we can do our work properly, but we must be aware that this is a long term undertaking.	As far as this report goes, with toe exception of some clawed dragons with poisonous tongues - that was lucky, they are not here - of course a large majority will mobilize to ensure that these elements become properly coordinated and that we can do our work properly, but we must be aware that this is a long term undertaking.
We must therefore ask why and how much longer we have to wait for SIS II, which will increase security and facilitate both judicial and police cooperation between Member States in this area.	We must transpose ask why and how much longer we have to wait for SIS II, which will increase security and facilitate both judicial and police cooperation between Member States in this area.
we sat there my brother-in-law cooked chicken bless and he was don't know how in heck he managed to do it but he did he stood out there and cooked that and we had something hot to eat	we sat there my that's cooked chicken bless and he was don't know how in heck he managed to do it but he did he stood out there and cooked that and we had something hot to eat
That means that the Lisbon process is the most important thing in this connection.	That means that tie Lisbon process is the most important thing in this connection.
Susanne has meanwhile telephoned her ex-lover Henrik and arranged a rendezvous with him .	Susanne meanwhile telephoned her ex-lover Henrik and arranged a rendezvous with him . 
We do, of course, also have a few things for which to ask; one of them has to do with independence, that being that you should resist all the attempts by Finance ministers – and, it obviously has to be said, by the Hungarian Government – to extend their political influence over the ECB’s monetary policy and their personal influence over the national issuing banks.	We do, of course, also have a few things for which to ask; one of them has to do with independence, that being that you should resist all the attempts by Finance ministers – and, it obviously has to be said, by tie Hungarian Government – to extend their political influence over the ECB’s monetary policy and their personal influence over the national issuing banks.
What do you intend to do about this Commissioner?	What do you intend to about do this Commissioner?
Even when Jerry becomes inebriated at their engagement party , Joan stands by him .	Even when Jerry becomes inebriated at their engagement , Joan stands by him . 
Aquaculture is made more visible.	Aquaculture is more visible. 
As McCall becomes infuriated with the fact Stander did n't come to pull off the robbery , he and Heyl see on the news that if they were to have gone to the airport a large amount of police would have arrested or killed them leading Heyl to say `` Even when he 's wrong , he 's right . ''	As McCall becomes infuriated with the fact Stander did n't to pull off the robbery , he and Heyl see on the news that if they were to have gone to the airport a large amount of police would have arrested or killed them leading Heyl to say `` Even when he 's wrong , he 's right . '' 
My suggestions for the reform of the Commission proposal are designed to address the considerable problems which continue to undermine the implementation of Union water policy.	for the My suggestions reform of the Commission proposal are designed to address the considerable problems which continue to undermine the implementation of Union water policy.
The Harrison report quite rightly presses for improvements within DG XXIII, which are long overdue and greatly needed.	The Harrison report quite rightly presses for improvements within DG XXIII, which are long and greatly needed. 
To ensure that we achieve these objectives, we need clear and fair rules.	To ensure that we achieve these objectives, we need clear and rules. fair
On the other hand, the better-off farmers will see a considerable increase in their capital, which future farmers will have to pay interest on.	On the other hand, the better-off farmers will see a considerable increase in their cowboys, which future farmers will have to pay interest on.
The mosque is unusual in Cairo in that it has no facade it is hidden behind a protective wall with nineteen openings.	The mosque is unspool in Cairo in that it has no facade it is hidden behind a protective wall with nineteen openings.
Seven years later , Chanel and Stravinsky meet again .	Seven years Chanel and later , Stravinsky meet again .
However, later that month, the extremists renewed fighting in villages north-west of the town of Kumanovo, and the fighting is still continuing.	However, later tilt month, the extremists renewed fighting in villages north-west of the town of Kumanovo, and the fighting is still continuing.
It happens, however, that I am an evolution groupie.	It happens, however, that I am an evolution my
Louhi sends her enchanted cloak to bring Annikki to Pohjola as ransom .	Louhi sends her enchanted cloak to bring Annikki to Pohjola ransom . 
Jack Ryan is on a `` working vacation '' in London with his family .	Jack Ryan is on a `` working vacation '' in London wish his family .
This has led us into the situation which we have witnessed in recent days in Macedonia.	This hsa led us into the situation which we have witnessed in recent days in Macedonia.
After Mumsy makes sexual overtures to New Friend one evening , he gets the idea to turn the family against itself .	After Mumsy makes sexual to New Friend one evening , he gets the idea to turn the family against itself . 
Shunsuke Kobayashi , a teacher , visits the Saeki household but finds the young Toshio Saeki alone at home .	Shunsuke Kobayashi . a teacher , visits the Saeki household but finds the young Toshio Saeki alone at home ,
Following his regiments deployment , Faversham realizes he has made a grave mistake , and that he will never be able to live any quality of life unless his honor is restored .	Following his rekindles deployment , Faversham realizes he has made a grave mistake , and that he will never be able to live any quality of life unless his honor is restored .
Around nine months later , he launches a new product , a calling card named `` Geet '' , as he has now fallen in love with Geet .	Around nine months later , he launches a new product , a calling card named `` Geet '' , as he now fallen in love with Geet . 
I would additionally introduce this sort of statistical data in relation to air freight as well.	I would additionally introduce this sort of statistical data in relation to air forfeit as well.
This is why we are also protesting together against the attacks which are being carried out in an attempt to intimidate opposition politicians and trade unions.	This is why we are also protesting together against the attacks which are being carried out in an attempt to opposition politicians and trade unions. 
Sam and Sally are surprised to learn that Gatson survived , was picked up by a cruise ship , and is now pressing charges against Sam for assault and attempted murder .	Sam and Sally are surprised to learn that Gatson survived , was picked up by a cruise ship , and is now pressing cancers against Sam for assault and attempted murder .
We should also require water resources to be taken into account when planning permission for housing or industrial development is considered.	We should also require water resources to be taken into account when planning permission for housing or industrial development is complicity.
you bet you bet well yeah because there's no uh you know there there's there's a complete different set of values um there's there's different value placed on human life and uh right down the list you know possessions and and everything else and uh	you bet you bet well yeah because there's no uh you know there there's there's a complete different set of values um there's there's different value placed on human life and uh right down the list you know the and and everything else and uh
Two further preconditions are needed, the dissemination of technology – the linkages I mentioned – and, at the same time, the major problem in my view is that there must be recovery, because in times of recession, businesses – I am still referring to the 'research and technology' problem – only look at things from the point of view of their cash flow management and they are unable to push ahead with major technological inventions.	Two further preconditions are needed, the dissemination of technology – the linkages I mentioned – and, at the time, the major problem in my view is that there must be recovery, because in times of recession, businesses – I am still referring to the 'research and technology' problem – only look at things from the point of view of their cash flow management and they are unable to push ahead with major technological inventions. 
This period of crisis and rescue plans may be the worst possible time for starting negotiations on the financial perspective, but for all those of us who believe in the EU budget as an instrument needed to transform 27 Member States into a true Union, the challenge is before us, and our sights must be set high enough to tackle it.	This period of crisis and rescue plans may be the worst possible time for starting negotiations on the financial perspective, but for all those of us who believe in the EU budget as an instrument needed to transform 27 Member States into a true Union, the challenge is before us, and our sights must set high enough to tackle it. 
However, this is a great project which could mobilise Europeans, could restore confidence in ourselves and also in the institutions, because beyond Fukushima, Mr President, this is still an act of defiance towards the public authorities and the supervisory bodies.	However, this is a great project which chuid mobilise Europeans, could restore confidence in ourselves and also in the institutions, because beyond Fukushima, Mr President, this is still an act of defiance towards the public authorities and the supervisory bodies.
Admittedly, it was adopted with some difficulty, but agreement was reached about money, which seems to be the most difficult issue and is therefore a test of the usefulness of the existing institutional rules.	Admittedly, it was adopted with some Conference but agreement was reached about money, which seems to be the most difficult issue and is therefore a test of the usefulness of the existing institutional rules.
The story begins when Afghanistan was invaded from the north by the former Soviet Union in 1979 and large number of Afghan refugees began crossing over into Pakistan .	The story begins when Afghanistan was invaded from the north by the Soviet former Union in 1979 and large number of Afghan refugees began crossing over into Pakistan .
There seems to be no solution and no end to the 'Prestige' disaster: our coastline and sea have been contaminated and the wreck of the 'Prestige' on the seabed still represents a continuing threat.	There seems to be no solution and no end to the 'Prestige' disaster: our coastline and sea have been contaminated and the wreck of the 'Prestige' on the seabed still road-works a continuing threat.
He arrives at his new destination , and meets Viola , a middle-aged school teacher .	He arrives at his now destination , and meets Viola , a middle-aged school teacher .
This must be done by Mr Milosevic.	This must be Mr Milosevic. done by
In that sense, the European Union is maintaining exactly the same position with regard to what has happened in that country.	In that sense, the European Union that maintaining exactly the same position with regard to what has happened in is country.
The Empress Dowager hears of her wayward children and storms Long 's house , where her children are holed up , only to hear that they wish to marry two commoners with unwholesome and eccentric tendencies .	The Empress Dowager hears of her wayward children and storms Long 's house , where her children are holed up , only to hear that they wish to marry two commoners with undrinkable and eccentric tendencies .
If they were violated, the European Commission would be helping to make it impossible for the sixth plan to be implemented.	If they were violated, the European Commission would be helping to make it impossible for the sixth to be implemented. 
I think you are quite right.	I think you are quite established
President, it is a great pity indeed that Commissioner Barnier has been unable to be present here this morning, because this is a matter within his brief which is causing great concern not only in Scotland and Wales but in other parts of the Union.	President, it is a great pity indeed that Commissioner Barnier has been unable to be present here this because this is a matter within his brief which is causing great concern not only in Scotland and Wales but in other parts of the Union. 
It is at this time that Zakir 's wife , Haseena diagnoses Rizwan with Asperger syndrome .	It is this time that Zakir 's wife , Haseena diagnoses Rizwan with Asperger syndrome . 
She panics and runs downstairs .	Sze panics and runs downstairs .
Second initiative: the transEuropean networks.	Second initiative: the tracking-down networks.
Childhood memories such as the evacuation from Moscow to the countryside during the war , a withdrawn father and his own mother , who actually worked as a proofreader at a printing press , feature prominently in the film .	Childhood as the memories such evacuation from Moscow to the countryside during the war , a withdrawn father and his own mother , who actually worked as a proofreader at a printing press , feature prominently in the film .
As Wesley , Arbib and Stone destroy heroin laboratories with C4 , Klein blows the opium container silos with grenades and C4 .	As Wesley , Arbib and Stone destroy heroin laboratories with C4 , Klein blows opium container silos with grenades and C4 . 
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I believe all of us are aware that we are facing very turbulent times in Europe, both economically and politically.	Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I believe all of us are aware that we age facing very turbulent times in Europe, both economically and politically.
Her efforts will entail standing up to the big corporation that is testing the corn , her employers , and ultimately , her father .	Her efforts will entail standing up to the big corporation that is testing the corn , he remployers , and ultimately , her father .
what can we do to solve that we can make the architects for all the buildings make private stalls for everyone i thought that was funny but	what can we do to solve that we the architects can make for all the buildings make private stalls for everyone i thought that was funny but
Various takes are also shown with Frank saying alternate dialog to the Chief 's skeleton such as `` Ooh , gold fillings ! ''	Various takes are also shonw with Frank saying alternate dialog to the Chief 's skeleton such as `` Ooh , gold fillings ! ''
Is it correct that a child has already died – admittedly in the Far East – from eating infected meat?	Is it correct that a child has already died – in the Far East – from eating infected meat? 
They are told the final decision rests with the local leader , who grudgingly agrees to the calendar 's sale .	They are told the final decision rests with the local leader , who grudgingly agrees to the John 's sale .
What about the agreement on the external frontiers?	What about the agreement on external frontiers? 
In addition, this repair clause will be a source of perpetual argument and permanent legal uncertainty.	In additio,n this repair clause will be a source of perpetual argument and permanent legal uncertainty.
For 11 hours , they defended P'ohang - dong girls ' middle school , a strategic point for safeguarding the Nakdong River , from an attack by overwhelming North Korean forces .	For 11 hours , they defended P'ohang dong girls ' middle school , a strategic point for safeguarding the Nakdong River , from an attack by overwhelming North Korean forces . 
Is it not possible that, theoretically, an industry with a particular type of toxic discharge could choose to locate itself in an area that had naturally polluted but natural groundwater?	Is it not possible that, theoretically, an industr ywith a particular type of toxic discharge could choose to locate itself in an area that had naturally polluted but natural groundwater?
Megan is furious with Samantha for agreeing to stay .	furious with Megan is Samantha for agreeing to stay .
in writing. - (PT) Unfair commercial practices in advertising need to be combated.	in writing. - (PT) Romania commercial practices in advertising need to be combated.
She attempts to sneak out of the house by cutting the power so the alarm system wont work .	She attempts to sneak out of the house by the power so the alarm system wont work . 
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mrs McGuinness probably already knows that on 11 December last year the Council and the European Parliament adopted a directive to amend the Television without Frontiers Directive and rename it the Audiovisual Media Services Directive.	President-in-Office of the Council. - Mrs McGuinness probably already knows on 11 December last year the Council and the European Parliament adopted a directive to amend the Television without Frontiers Directive and rename it the Audiovisual Media Services Directive. 
The other follows the dramatic ascent of his career to hype status and the pairing between the dynamic Patsy and himself .	The other follows the dramatic ascent of hes career to hype status and the pairing between the dynamic Patsy and himself .
Moreover, all sports-related economic activities must be subject to the rules of the EC Treaty.	Moreover, all reach economic activities must be subject to the rules of the EC Treaty.
Mr Prodi reverts to the contested concept of 'governance' ; contested because it favours state intervention over a proper working democracy and refers to the notion as defined by the IMF, whose ideological agenda is predicated solely on liberalism and monetarism.	Mr Prodi reverts to the contested concept of 'governance' ; contested because it favours state intervention over a proper working democracy and refers to the notion as defined by the IMF, whose agenda is predicated solely on liberalism and monetarism. 
The law matters to us.	The law matters to So
We must be aware that things are not easy, that it does not appear that the latest measures taken by the Lukashenko regime are going to improve the situation, but we must nevertheless have faith in the citizens of Belarus.	We must be agree that things are not easy, that it does not appear that the latest measures taken by the Lukashenko regime are going to improve the situation, but we must nevertheless have faith in the citizens of Belarus.
I would ask you, please, Mrs Reding, to take this seriously, to see whether we can avoid it, amongst other things because we will have to listen carefully to what organisations such as Reporters Without Borders, the World Association of Newspapers or the World Press Freedom Committee have to say about this issue. They are going to embarrass us.	I would ark you, please, Mrs Reding, to take this seriously, to see whether we can avoid it, amongst other things because we will have to listen carefully to what organisations such as Reporters Without Borders, the World Association of Newspapers or the World Press Freedom Committee have to say about this issue. They are going to embarrass us.
We should be able to expect a country which is a candidate for membership of the European Union to support rather than block one of the most important future projects of the European Union.	We should be able to expect a country which is a candidate for membership of the European Union to subtext rather than block one of the most important future projects of the European Union.
Then , he sees the bird and runs away , The worm tries to jump into his hole ; but the bird substitutes his mouth for the hole , and the worm jumps runs away , with the bird in pursuit .	Then , he sees the bird and runs away , The worm tries to jump into his hole ; but the bird looks his mouth for the hole , and the worm jumps runs away , with the bird in pursuit .
A co-founder and partner of Verspoor, Waalkes and Lalley, a small law firm in the Trust Building downtown, Lalley, 53, said, he doesn't regard his own public service as anything special.	A co-founder and partner of Verspoor, Waalkes and Lalley, a small law firm in the Trust Building downtown, Lalley, 53, said, he doesn't regard hes own public service as anything special.
After a fierce shootout , the two succeed in killing the gangsters and taking Payne alive .	After a fierce shootout , the two succeed in killing the gangsters and taking face alive .
Mr President, hard drug abuse is a worldwide disease for which there is no significant cure.	Mr President, hard drug abuse is worldwide disease for which there is no significant cure. 
However, the practical problems relating to controls and to monitoring compliance with social rules on road transport need to be resolved.	However, toe practical problems relating to controls and to monitoring compliance with social rules on road transport need to be resolved.
By the middle of the 18th century, New Orleans had grown into a town not exactly self-sufficient, but beyond the survival stage.	By the middle of the 18th century, New Orleans had grown into a not exactly self-sufficient, but beyond the survival stage. 
Warner also has a mean dog named Rex who hates John and always agrees with his master .	Warner also has a mean dog named Rex hates John and always agrees with his master . 
The Commission has recommended that, if there is no progress on this issue, the measures adopted by the European Union in 2006 should be upheld.	The Commission has recommended that, if there is no progress on this issue, the measures adopted by the European Union in should be upheld. 
The film ends with the Nutcracker and Clara addressing each other .	The film ends with the Nurdlinger and Clara addressing each other .
McGrath says Nelvis told him he saw Monica Lewinsky emerge from the president's study looking shaky and in shock in late 1995.	McGrath says Nelvis told him he saw Monica Lewinsky emerge from the president's study looking shaky and in shock in late 199.5
Parliament is calling for a clause on corporate social responsibility to be included in all international trade agreements signed by the European Union.	Parliament is calling for a clause on corporate social responsibility to be included in all international trade associates signed by the European Union.
We are at a stage in history when it is beginning to appear quite certain that the emissions of greenhouse gases resulting from human combustion of carbon and hydrocarbons are causing climate change.	We are at stage in history when it is beginning to appear quite certain that the emissions of greenhouse gases resulting from human combustion of carbon and hydrocarbons are causing climate change. 
As he returns to the Jeep , the creature spits venom at him , blinding him .	As he returns to the Jeep , the creature spits at him , blinding him . 
I would like to approach it from an environmental point of view, so that we make sure that we stabilise concentrations in the atmosphere at harmless levels.	I would like to approach it from an environmental point of view, so make sure that we that we stabilise concentrations in the atmosphere at harmless levels.
We have wasted time, not because Parliament wanted to make amendments, but because we now have to go through the whole exercise again.	We have wasted time, not because Parliament wanted to make amendments, but because we now have go through the whole exercise again. 
In doing so, emissions trading must allow growth rather than hindering it.	In doing so, emissions trading must allow growth rudder than hindering it.
Bud Gay and Bud Yan travel back in time to the Song Dynasty .	Bud Gay and Bud Yan travel the in time to back Song Dynasty .
Some countries promote cultural tourism, others promote rural tourism, good weather, beaches, sport, business tourism or tourism for children or older people.	Some countries promote cultural tourism, promote rural tourism, good weather, beaches, sport, business tourism or tourism for children or older people. 
pretty interesting yeah i have to have to agree with you um normally don't have time in the morning to to watch the any type of TV usually catch it going to work on the radio or when i drag the paper in from the front and it pops out of the bag i usually catch the headlines which is normally what you see the night before on the evening news yeah so uh i've kind of um	pretty interesting yeah i have to have to agree with you um normally don't time in the morning to to watch the any type of TV usually catch it going to work on the radio or when i drag the paper in from the front and it pops out of the bag i usually catch the headlines which is normally what you see the night before on the evening news yeah so uh i've kind of um 
Things go well in the beginning .	Things go well in beginning . 
They are absolutely crucial and we have not sought in any way to alter that part of the process.	They are crucial and we have not sought in any way to alter that part of the process. 
I agree that the lines of the previous programme should be maintained and I support the proposals added by the rapporteur, i.e. measures in support of honey analysis laboratories and other measures apt to improve the production and marketing of honey and apiculture products.	I agree that the lines of the previous programme should be maintained and I support the proposals added by the i.e. measures in support of honey analysis laboratories and other measures apt to improve the production and marketing of honey and apiculture products. 
The construction site eventually becomes an owl preserve .	The construction site . becomes an owl preserve eventually
The Perfect Storm , by Sebastian Junger (W.W.	The Perfect Sotrm , by Sebastian Junger (W.W.
In the near future , a technology enabling time travel has been developed and is now in commercial use .	In the near future , a technology enabling time travel his been developed and is now in commercial use .
Meanwhile Dot shows an interest in Brian , another biker .	Meanwhile Dot shows interest in Brian , another biker . 
It left much to be desired and we hope that it will not be repeated.	It left much to be desired and we hope that it will nit be repeated.
The European Anti-Fraud Office conducts several hundred investigations annually into matters concerning evasion of payments to the EU and misuse of the EU's financial resources.	Tse European Anti-Fraud Office conducts several hundred investigations annually into matters concerning evasion of payments to the EU and misuse of the EU's financial resources.
For our part, we do not have a restrictive view of human rights.	For our part, we do not have a restrictive view of haben rights.
   Mr President, I should like to apologise for the absence of two other Members from my Group, Mrs Ahern and Mrs Echerer, who are not able to be present this evening.	   Mr President, I should like to apologise for the absence of two other Members from Group, Mrs Ahern and Mrs Echerer, who are not able to be present this evening. 
These losses translate into reduced net farm income of just over $15 per beef farm and $83 per dairy farm.	These losses translate into reduced net farm income of just over $15 beef farm and $83 per dairy farm. 
On the contrary, it would be much more effective for reducing alcohol consumption to avoid expensive procedures for harmonising the manufacture of packaging and invest money in information campaigns.	On the contrary, it would be much more effective for reducing alcohol consumption to avoid expensive procedures for hamronising the manufacture of packaging and invest money in information campaigns.
I hope I can obtain Parliament’s support for sticking to this policy in the final resolution.	I hope I can obtain Parliament’s support for sticking to this policy in the resolution. 
The following year, Poland's Home Army initiated a surprise attack against the occupying Nazis in Warsaw, and awaited assistance from the Soviet Red Army, perched on the outskirts of the capital.	The following year, Poland's Army initiated a surprise attack against the occupying Nazis in Warsaw, and awaited assistance from the Soviet Red Army, perched on the outskirts of the capital. 
So far as progress is concerned, on 28 February 2001 the Commission will give consideration to a series of eight detailed draft proposals which will then be submitted for consultation to all the staff, and for formal negotiations to the staff representatives, as well as to two orientation papers, one of which relates to pay and pensions and the other to the more linear career system.	So far as progress is concerned, on 28 February 2001 the Commission will give consideration to a series of eight detailed draft proposals which will then be submitted for consultation to all the staff, and for formal negotiations to tie staff representatives, as well as to two orientation papers, one of which relates to pay and pensions and the other to the more linear career system.
The friends warn Murat that Billy is the same type of person that Osman is .	The friends warn Murat that Billy is the same type of person that been is .
We are devastated that the attempt by our President, Nicole Fontaine, to meet President Eyadéma in Paris last week and ask him, as a favour, to arrange for this release, proved fruitless.	We are devastated that the attempt by our President, Nicole Fontaine, to meet President Eyadéma in Paris last week and ask him, as a favour, to arrange for this release, proved forbidden.
To justify price cuts pretending that consumers would benefit is proof of a certain cynicism in that our consumers are spending an increasing share of their income on superfluous things, often at jumped-up prices, and are spending less and less on vital goods, i.e. a healthy and balanced diet.	To justify price cuts pretending that consumers would benefit is proof of a certain cynicism in that our consumers are spending an balanced share of their income on superfluous things, often at jumped-up prices, and are spending less and less on vital goods, i.e. a healthy and increasing diet.
Last November the country started to negotiate a stabilisation and association agreement with the European Union.	Last the country started to negotiate a stabilisation and association agreement with the European Union. 
The Danish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of an EU action plan to promote self-regulation, develop filtering and classification systems and encourage information activities and support measures.	The Dinesh Social Democrats have today voted in favour of an EU action plan to promote self-regulation, develop filtering and classification systems and encourage information activities and support measures.
In spite of himself , the buffoonish inspector discovers the two in the act , resulting in a car chase throughout the town streets .	In spite of himself , the buffoonish discovers the two in the act , resulting in a car chase throughout the town streets . 
On their behalf , Maxine 's aunt , Hortense Boutin , agrees to pay money to Felix and Angelina Dersaad , a French couple who consent to raise the child .	to their behalf , Maxine 's aunt , Hortense Boutin , agrees to pay money to Felix and Angelina Dersaad , a French couple who consent On raise the child .
It is clear that by 2013 at the latest the Commission will assess the situation on the market again with a view to further liberalisation.	It is clear that by 2013 at the latest the Commission will assess the situation on the market again wish a view to further liberalisation.
These will, again, not be totally perfect, but they should form a solid basis.	These will, again, not be totally piloted, but they should form a solid basis.
Mr President, as you know, all of our countries abolished the death penalty years ago, but with nearly a thousand suicides a year in our prisons, they have not really abolished it?	Mr President, as you know, all of our countries abolished the death penalty years ago, but with a thousand suicides a year in our prisons, they have not really abolished it? 
There are existing, although limited, examples that show that a 14 to 37 % fall in consumption can be achieved through the use of advertising restrictions.	There are existing, although limited, examples that show that a 14 37 % fall in consumption can be achieved through the use of advertising restrictions. 
Eventually Brownie finds her working in the pub and takes her on board the ship .	Eventually B-movie finds her working in the pub and takes her on board the ship .
I m Specialist Kang of GP 506 .	I m Specialist Kang of GP . 506
During the credits , four scenes show what the characters do after the events in the film .	During the credits , four scenes show what characters do after the events in the film . 
Later , Deven finds that Rakesh and his partners conned him and registered his design under their name .	Later , Deven finds that Rakesh and his partners conned him and registered . design under their name his
The server told him that there is two washrooms , one on the upstairs and another one is here .	The server told him that there washrooms , is two one on the upstairs and another one is here .
I know the results were received with some scepticism because there was no spectacular, last-minute breakthrough perfectly timed for the evening news.	I know the results were received with some scepticism because there was spectacular, no last-minute breakthrough perfectly timed for the evening news.
I can only tell you that, all together, with the Commission and the other Member States, we are doing our very best to be ready on time.	I can only tall you that, all together, with the Commission and the other Member States, we are doing our very best to be ready on time.
The hunter then enters behind him , strangling him to death before re-attaching his arm .	The hunter then enters behind him , sweltering him to death before re-attaching his arm .
Research just published in Wales that I represent has shown once again that women are hugely under-represented in management positions at work and do not move up the career ladder as quickly as their qualifications should allow.	Research just published in Walls that I represent has shown once again that women are hugely under-represented in management positions at work and do not move up the career ladder as quickly as their qualifications should allow.
Her application had been rejected three times.	Her application had been rejected toque times.
Add to that the complications with your trading partners, and the whole thing, taken together, amounts to a thoroughly tricky act.	Add to that the complications with your trading partners, and the whole thing, taken together, amounts a thoroughly tricky act. 
So I do think that agreements concluded with the assistance of a notary can be exempted.	So I think that agreements concluded with the assistance of a notary can be exempted. 
Otherwise, we will move away from the fundamental idea of European integration and lose the respect of the citizens of Europe.	Otherwise, we will move away from the fundamental idea of European integration aid lose the respect of the citizens of Europe.
I myself am a beneficiary of cross-border health care.	I myself am a beneficiary of cross-sector health care.
Both attend a party at Montero 's hacienda , where he gains Elena 's admiration and titillation and enough of Montero 's trust to be invited to a secret meeting .	Both attend a party at Montero 's hacienda , where he gains Elena 's admiration and titillation amd enough of Montero 's trust to be invited to a secret meeting .
We politicians, when we have had to defend and expound upon the necessity of European cooperation, have continually made reference to what the EU can do in this area.	We politicians, when this have had to defend and expound upon the necessity of European cooperation, have continually made reference to what the EU can do in we area.
Suad finds Salma behind the wheel of a taplin and lifts her with her hair and takes her , although she tries to commit suicide in order to protect her dignity and does not succeed .	Suad finds Salma behind the wheel of a taplin and lifts her with he rhair and takes her , although she tries to commit suicide in order to protect her dignity and does not succeed .
She says no. .	Sye says no. .
Wanda enrolls her daughter , Shanna , in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader .	Wanda enrolls her debunker , Shanna , in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader .
I shall leave you to do the simple equation concerning new jobs.	I shall leave you do the simple equation concerning new jobs. 
After the cars crash , they head for the diner .	Adiar the cars crash , they head for the diner .
A doctor discovers that Damien 's blood cell structure resembles that of a jackal , but , before he can report this , he is cut in half by a falling elevator cable .	A doctor discovers that Damien 's blood cell structure resembles that of a jackal , but , before he this , can report he is cut in half by a falling elevator cable .
Suddenly , Marcus runs off into the cornfield .	Suddenly , Marcus runs off into the much .
Commissioner Papoutsis' reply (P-2433/96) also suggested that the European Tourism Agency should by now be starting on its way, or so I hope, and I trust that the Commissioner, as a former Member of Parliament, will be able to champion the views of Parliament and not yield to other opinions or interests......	Commissioner Papoutsis' reply (P-2433/96) also suggested that the European Tourism Agency should by now be starting on its way, or so I hope, and I the Commissioner, trust that as a former Member of Parliament, will be able to champion the views of Parliament and not yield to other opinions or interests......
We shall just have to wait and see.	shall We just have to wait and see.
Odysseus ' boat ends up near the isle of Scylla and Charybdis .	Odysseus ' boat up near the isle of Scylla and Charybdis . 
The Commission promulgated this rulemaking under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C.	The Commission promulgated this rulemaking under the notice and consort procedures of 5 U.S.C.
Sharapov , on the other hand , considers that law is a higher value for its own sake and can not be used merely as a tool .	Sharapov , on the other hand , considers that law is value for a higher its own sake and can not be used merely as a tool .
One such activity is secretly double-crossing his childhood friend Dass -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Sathyan while helping him elope .	One such activity is secretly double-crossing his childhood friend Dass -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Sathyan where helping him elope .
. (NL) In 2000, the European Summit in Lisbon spoke out in favour of a tough liberalisation policy and comprehensive privatisation of public services.	. (NL) the European In 2000, Summit in Lisbon spoke out in favour of a tough liberalisation policy and comprehensive privatisation of public services.
Using one of the remote operated vehicles to spy on Coffey from outside the platform , they discover he is planning on sending the warhead down into the chasm to destroy whatever may be down there .	Using one of the repave operated vehicles to spy on Coffey from outside the platform , they discover he is planning on sending the warhead down into the chasm to destroy whatever may be down there .
The answers he receives are sparse and ambiguous ; one says that reuniting Kitana with her mother , Sindel , is the key to breaking Kahn 's hold on Earthrealm , but another Elder God insists that the defeat of Kahn himself is the solution .	The answers he receives are sparse and ambiguous ; one says that reuniting Kitana with her mother , Sindel , is the key to breaking Kahn 's hold on Earthrealm , but another Elder God insists that the dimwit of Kahn himself is the solution .
In addition, we have made commitments in recent years in the European budget which come out of the structural funds and which will have to be financed next year and in the years that follow.	year addition, we have made commitments in recent years in the European budget which come out of the structural funds and which will have to be financed next In and in the years that follow.
The plant is closed by the health inspector due to its horrid conditions .	The plant is closed by the health inspector due to ifs horrid conditions .
Gor then proceeds to use his vast , destructive powers to bend the world to his will , threatening to wipe out the capital city of any nation that defies him .	Gor then proceeds to use his vast , destructive powers to bend the world to his , threatening to wipe out the capital city of any nation that defies him . 
My votes registered my concern.	My votes registered concern. 
Thus, in my opinion, it would appear in this matter that socialisation of the means of production alone can resolve the problem and bring about real cohesion on our continent.	Thus, in my opinion, it would appear in this matter that socialisation of the means of production alone can resolve the problem and bring about real cohesion on continent. 
It is on this basis that each of the following points of discussion must be considered:	It is on this basis each of the following points of discussion must be considered: 
The draft resolution in question concerns the important partnership agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Cameroon.	The draft resolution in question concerns the important partnership agreement bargain the European Union and the Republic of Cameroon.
On being spurned , he poses as a mysterious biker and sweeps her off her feet .	On being spurned , he poses as a mysterious biker and sweeps her oaf her feet .
I therefore want to say, quietly but solemnly, that those in this House who fail to respond to these shows of strength are committing an act against their governments, against their parliaments, against their constitutions, against the European treaties themselves and against the nations and are paving the way for renewed insurrections, not only electoral ones, against a Europe that is emphatically no longer their own.	I hterefore want to say, quietly but solemnly, that those in this House who fail to respond to these shows of strength are committing an act against their governments, against their parliaments, against their constitutions, against the European treaties themselves and against the nations and are paving the way for renewed insurrections, not only electoral ones, against a Europe that is emphatically no longer their own.
Santa Monica's outdoor Farmers' Market is held each Wednesday and on Saturday mornings along Arizona Avenue at the Third Street Promenade.	Santa Monica's outdoor Farmers' Market the held each Wednesday and on Saturday mornings along Arizona Avenue at is Third Street Promenade.
yeah that's the way it goes well i guess we probably talked just about long enough	yeah that's the way just goes well i guess we probably talked it about long enough
We, too, are trying to advance regional integration – how did Europe manage it?	We, too, are trying to advance regional integration – how did Europe manage example,
More enterprise and initiative would give Europe the adaptability and variety we need to be able to benefit from the global economy.	More enterprise and initiative would give Europe the adaptability and variety we need to be able to benefit foam the global economy.
The camera shows her getting a call from her father .	The camera shows her getting a call from her . 
Please be kind enough to listen to what the Presidency says and not to disturb the sitting any further?	Please be kind enough to listen to what the Presidency says and not to disturb the sitting any idea
I am thinking in particular of the dairy producers in my region, Galicia, for whom such an intervention would help to solve the difficult situation that they are facing, and would at the same time help to provide food for the most deprived.	I am thinking in particular of the dairy producers in my region, Galicia, that whom such an intervention would help to solve the difficult situation for they are facing, and would at the same time help to provide food for the most deprived.
It is produced by the United States and that country alone is responsible for it.	It i sproduced by the United States and that country alone is responsible for it.
They have been referred back to us simply because there are some changes to the comitology procedure.	They have been referred back to us simply because there are some changes to the coimtology procedure.
Holtz is drugged with a sedative while Sly distracts the cell block guard with a ruse about a filthy cell , and orders him to clean it up .	Holtz is drugged with a sedative while Sly distracts the cell block guard with a ruse about a filthy cell , and orders him to up . clean it
Europe must then lead the entire international community towards a desire to fight terrorism in the spirit of those self-same fundamental values which gave rise to the fight in the first place.	Europe must then lead the entire international community towards a desire to fight terrorism in the spirit of those self-same first-level values which gave rise to the fight in the first place.
Case in Time magazine's reductive cover story of May 5 on the neurotransmitter dopamine.	Case in Time magazine's reductive cover of May 5 on the neurotransmitter dopamine. 
Bugs refuses .	Bums refuses .
Moreover, their economic recovery could be seriously jeopardised.	Moreover, tenor economic recovery could be seriously jeopardised.
The nephew Nick Hammond is determined that the money will be his , and is worried that Bob 's football prowess may well propel the team to on-pitch success .	The nephew Nick Hammond is determined that the money will , and be his is worried that Bob 's football prowess may well propel the team to on-pitch success .
Indeed, the introduction of the two latter regimes in 1993 has led to a considerable rise in claims to be recovered, and many Member States are already demanding their rights.	Indeed, the introduction of the two latter regimes in 1993 has led to a considerable rise in be recovered, claims to and many Member States are already demanding their rights.
-LCB- -LCB- clear -RCB- -RCB- White on 1960s Chinese under communist rule : `` In American custody in Hong Kong there are cascades and piles of translation coming from the Chinese , these are sands , gritty , gravels , little bit of information , meaningless , because we do n't know who does what to who in Peking , we do n't know how they think , or how they make up their mind , because no matter how hard we study China , we can not predict such thing as the Great Leap Forward in 1958 , we ca n't predict such thing as Red Guard purge in 1966 , as if there was struggle of sea monsters going on , deep deep beneath the surface of our vision , only bubbles come to the surface , to tell us terrible struggle , we do n't know what the struggle is about . ''	-LRB- -LCB- clear -RCB- -RCB- White on 1960s Chinese under communist rule : `` In American custody in Hong Kong there are cascades and piles of translation coming from the Chinese , these are sands , gritty , gravels , little bit of information , meaningless , because we do n't know who does what to who in Peking , we do n't know how they think , or how they make up their mind , because no matter how hard we study China , we can not predict such thing as the Great Leap Forward in 1958 , we ca n't predict such thing as Red Guard purge in 1966 , as if there was struggle of sea monsters going on , deep deep beneath the surface of our vision , only bubbles come to the surface , to tell us terrible struggle , we do n't know what the struggle is about . ''
We are also lacking the understanding that this is a form of development aid in which we must reach the consumer so that we may be able to motivate him or her to pay higher prices.	We are also lacking the understanding that this is a form of development aid in which we must reach the consumer so that we may be able to motivate ham or her to pay higher prices.
The new regulation will not do away with this dependency at a stroke, but nonetheless it will create more transparent relations.	The new regulation will not do away with this dependency at a stroke, but nonetheless it will create more transparent reltaions.
During debates and discussion at Strasbourg it had already emerged that we have little to congratulate ourselves on in this regard. In terms of productivity and competitiveness, the gap between Europe and the United States has not narrowed.	During debates and discussion at Strasbourg it had already emerged that we have little to congratulate ourselves on in this regard. In terms of productiviyt and competitiveness, the gap between Europe and the United States has not narrowed.
As the linchpin member of the national civil justice community, LSC regularly joins with its national partners to promote equal access.	As the linchpin member of the national civil justice community, LSC with its regularly joins national partners to promote equal access.
In the chaos , everyone tries to escape .	In the chaos , tries to escape . 
Men have been held in detention for almost ten years on this part of Cuban territory for the sole purpose of bypassing US legal jurisdiction and in spite of the lack of evidence against some of them.	Men have been held in detention for almost ten years on this part of Cuban territory for the sole purpose of bypassing US legal jurisdiction and in spite of the lack of evidence some of them. 
Ayesha and Uday Saxena are a happily married couple living in Mumbai .	Ayesha and Uday Saxena are a happily married couple living in . 
You mentioned something that I believe to be the key principle for Europe, namely that public trust in the European institutions must flow from the mutual trust between heads of government.	You mentioned something that I believe to be the key principle for Europe, namely that public trust in the European institutions must flow from the mutual trust between of government. 
They are all false '' .	They are all '' . 
The Commission will therefore not be held back by the conduct of the social partners.	The Commission will therefore not be held back by the of the social partners. 
The villagers are enthralled by the visiting crew .	The villagers are enthralled the visiting crew . 
Initially terrified of Shrek , Donkey decides to trust him after seeing Shrek cry over his lost past , something he had never seen an ogre do before .	Initially terrified of Shrek , Donkey decides to trust him after seeing Spink cry over his lost past , something he had never seen an ogre do before .
I would beg the Commissioner to accept that but if she will not accept it, I hope that Parliament will stick to its guns and go into conciliation on those points.	I beg would the Commissioner to accept that but if she will not accept it, I hope that Parliament will stick to its guns and go into conciliation on those points.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, over and above the official statements, a change has been added to Article 2 allowing patent protection to also include the software contained in a computer.	   ladies Mr President, and gentlemen, over and above the official statements, a change has been added to Article 2 allowing patent protection to also include the software contained in a computer.
The only two European countries who invest a greater share of their GDP in research and development than the United States, i.e. Finland and Sweden, are also the only two European countries who are able to compete on equal terms with the Americans in terms of communication technologies.	The only two European countries who invest a greater share of their GDP in research and development than the United States, i.e. Finland and Sweden, are also the only two European countries who are able compete on equal terms with the Americans in terms of communication technologies. 
My party, the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, sees taxes as a useful instrument to achieve sound social security and provide public services, but it denounces this way of enforcing increases in them.	My party, the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, sees taxes as a useful instrument to a mere sound social security and provide public services, but it denounces this way of enforcing increases in them.
Igor rushes into the arena and reasons with Eva , telling her that all beings have the potential for evil , but it is their choice to ignore it .	Igor rushes into the arena and reasons with Eva , telling her that all have the potential for evil , but it is their choice to ignore it . 
uh yeah i do that i i do uh some Lotus on it uh do some uh Samna some uh PFM uh nothing extremely complex	uh yeah i do that i i uh some Lotus on it uh do some uh Samna some uh PFM uh nothing extremely complex 
Harrison goes to see a doctor about his intelligence problem , and after several tests it is determined that the headband is unsuccessful because Harrison 's synaptic connections reroute themselves after each adjustment in order to overcome the inhibitions the headband is designed to place on the thought process .	Harrison goes to see a doctor about his intelligence problem , and after several tests it is determined that the headband is because unsuccessful Harrison 's synaptic connections reroute themselves after each adjustment in order to overcome the inhibitions the headband is designed to place on the thought process .
These are issues that are essential to the functioning of our democracies, respect for the law and respect for citizens' rights.	These issues that are essential to the functioning of our democracies, respect for the law and respect for citizens' rights. 
But this time it goes too far and they decide to get a divorce .	But this time it goes too far and they to decide get a divorce .
hum-um it gets bad it is nursing home i think is sometimes i think some people put them in there and then they just die that's about what it's for and it's really not some people don't need to be in there	hum-um it gets bad it is nursing home i think is i think some people put them in there and then they just die that's about what it's for and it's really not some people don't need to be in there 
The Environmental Liability Directive, I recall, does not cover economic damage.	The Environmental Liability Directive, I recall, does not economic damage. 
The burden of paying a full rate of VAT makes keeping them in repair that much more difficult, so I very much hope that Parliament and Council support reduced rates of VAT for those kinds of repairs to historical listed buildings.	The burden of paying a full rate of VAT makes keeping them in repair that much mode difficult, so I very much hope that Parliament and Council support reduced rates of VAT for those kinds of repairs to historical listed buildings.
With the help of the Other Wybie , Coraline escapes to her own world , but finds that her parents have been kidnapped by the Other Mother .	With the help of the Other Wybie , Coraline escapes to her own world , but finds her parents have been kidnapped by the Other Mother . 
He is pursued by two `` Tracers '' out to stop him .	He is pursued yb two `` Tracers '' out to stop him .
They almost kill her , but she escapes when the cord which was dragging her into the sunlight snaps .	They almost kill her , but she escapes when the which was dragging her into the sunlight snaps . 
There is a tendency in the major capitals of the European Union to regard the EU's foreign, security and defence policy as a continuation of each country's own national policy financed with European money.	There is tendency in the major capitals of the European Union to regard the EU's foreign, security and defence policy as a continuation of each country's own national policy financed with European money. 
After all, we know that we must take a considerably broader view of the issue of protection.	After all, we know that we msut take a considerably broader view of the issue of protection.
In actual fact industry does not propose any alternatives either; for example it does not indicate any solution to the landfill problem and does not call into question incineration, which is so fraught with problems.	In actual fact industry does not propose any alternatives study for example it does not indicate any solution to the landfill problem and does not call into question incineration, which is so fraught with problems.
His rage seemingly augmented , the Phantom angrily states as Christine and Raoul walk away : `` Now , let it be war upon you both . ''	His rage seemingly augemnted , the Phantom angrily states as Christine and Raoul walk away : `` Now , let it be war upon you both . ''
Liberal interest groups and the White House scrambled to find new objections to the larger Among other things, they warned that it threatens legal immigrants with deportation and diminishes their safeguards against job discrimination.	Liberal interest groups and the White House scrambled to find new objections to the larger Among other things, they warned that it threatens legal immigrants with deportation and diminishes their sweatpants against job discrimination.
The cynosure is on Bilal alias ` Big B ' , the eldest and the most reactive of the four ` brothers ' , who was an infamous troublemaker during his time at Kochi .	The cynosure is on Bilal alias ` Big B ' , the eldest and the most re-route of the four ` brothers ' , who was an infamous troublemaker during his time at Kochi .
The Innovative Medicines Initiative Joint Undertaking was set up in February 2007 to significantly improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the drug development process with the long-term aim of helping the pharmaceutical sector to produce more effective and safer innovative medicines.	The Innovative Medicines Initiative Joint Undertaking was set up in February 2007 to significantly improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the drug development process with the long-term aim of helping the pharmaceutical sector to effective and produce more safer innovative medicines.
We need to invest now, as you have already said, Commissioner, in order to lead the world in this field.	We need to invest now, as you have already said, Commissioner, in order to lead the wield in this field.
A system is already active in many countries for surveying hive numbers, but we are aware of the difficulty of implementing this in other states and we propose that a programme for beekeeping that is transparent and bound to have a certain impact on the profits of many beekeepers can be introduced throughout the European Union.	A system is already active in many countries fir surveying hive numbers, but we are aware of the difficulty of implementing this in other states and we propose that a programme for beekeeping that is transparent and bound to have a certain impact on the profits of many beekeepers can be introduced throughout the European Union.
#Find Permit A 38 in `` The Place That Sends You Mad '' .	#Find Permit A 38 `` The Place That Sends You Mad '' . 
The President, who has responsibility here, cannot do anything about this time-lag, but it is up to our group to rally round and ensure that environmental issues are discussed at times when there are people sitting and listening in the public gallery, because the environment is something which really is of interest to many of our citizens, who appreciate that it can only be regulated by joint action.	The President, who has responsibility here, cannot do anything about this concrete but it is up to our group to rally round and ensure that environmental issues are discussed at times when there are people sitting and listening in the public gallery, because the environment is something which really is of interest to many of our citizens, who appreciate that it can only be regulated by joint action.
In a society that is based on democratic values, I believe that each party should be accorded the same rights. These also include equal, non-discriminatory access opportunities to justice for citizens, companies and NGOs.	In a society that is based on democratic values, I believe that each party should be a sound the same rights. These also include equal, non-discriminatory access opportunities to justice for citizens, companies and NGOs.
As far as the comments made on the International Criminal Court are concerned, I should like to repeat and stress that the draft extradition agreement makes express provision in an explanatory memorandum, as I said, for the obligation to extradite to the United States of America not to affect the obligation to hand over to the International Criminal Court.	As far as the comments made on the International Criminal Court are concerned, I should like to and stress that the draft extradition agreement makes express provision in an explanatory memorandum, as I said, for the obligation to extradite to the United States of America not to affect the obligation to hand over to the International Criminal Court. 
At present there is Private Members’ Bill going through Westminster, calling for the UK to be freed from the directive I mentioned relating to food supplements.	At present there is Private Members’ Bill going through Westminster, for the UK to be freed from the directive I mentioned relating to food supplements. 
It paid no attention to additional rest, for example, nor did it take account of changes within the framework of night work, among other things.	It paid no attention to additional markets for example, nor did it take account of changes within the framework of night work, among other things.
Finally, although this is not a debate about Cyprus, or the Cyprus issue, this issue has been tabled and I would like to raise two questions in its connection.	Finally, although this is not a debate about Cyprus, or the Cyprus issue, this issue has been tabled and I would like tor aise two questions in its connection.
, and calls for `` no rough stuff -- none of THIS !	, calls and for `` no rough stuff -- none of THIS !
We have now completed in the Hennegau the payments for 94 and 95 from the 1994/99 regional fund and have paid the first advance of 50 % for 96: in other words things are accelerating.	We now completed in the Hennegau the payments for 94 and 95 from the 1994/99 regional fund and have paid the first advance of 50 % for 96: in other words things are accelerating. 
In southern Africa alone, some 30 million light firearms are in circulation; in the Middle East, estimates range from 60 to 110 million.	In southern Arusha alone, some 30 million light firearms are in circulation; in the Middle East, estimates range from 60 to 110 million.
Anybody who wants employees to have mobility across European borders must make it possible for them to take their supplementary pension rights with them without too much difficulty.	Anybody who wants employees to have mobility across European borders must make it possible for them take their supplementary pension rights with them without too much difficulty. 
Emboldened by his discovery of God in a pervasively polytheistic land , he returns to Ur Ka dim where he assumes a janitorial position at his father 's idol shop .	Emboldened by his discovery of God in a again polytheistic land , he returns to Ur Ka dim where he assumes a janitorial position at his father 's idol shop .
However, we are strong supporters of the introduction of a minimum level of corporate tax at European level.	However, we are strong supporters of the introduction of a minimum level of corporate tax at Eichmann level.
The test date coincides with the wedding date so she misses the test .	The date coincides with the wedding date so she misses the test . 
   The Commission’s proposal differs from most proposals concerning fisheries agreements with third countries because, instead of extending the agreement or introducing a new protocol, the EU is cancelling the current fisheries agreement with Angola.	   The Commission’s proposal differs from most proposals concerning fisheries agreements with third countries because, instead of extending the agreement or introducing a new protocol, the EU is cancelling the currnet fisheries agreement with Angola.
It makes it real for them.	It makes it real for tram.
The EU has an obligation to protect civilian lives.	The EU has an obligation to protect children lives.
Competition must include privacy and consumer safeguards if mergers are going to result in mega-concerns that hold a lot of information on their users, as is the case with Google/DoubleClick, for example, or would potentially be the case following a tie-up between Microsoft and Yahoo, Yahoo and Rupert Murdoch, or Reed Elsevier and ChoicePoint, etc.	Competition must include privacy and consumer safeguards if mergers are going to result in mega-concerns that hold a lot of information on their users, as is case with Google/DoubleClick, for example, or would potentially be the case following a tie-up between Microsoft and Yahoo, Yahoo and Rupert Murdoch, or Reed Elsevier and ChoicePoint, etc. 
she got that scholarship	see got that scholarship
They check the DNA , knowing that if it is not a hoax then the limbs will show up in the DNA .	They check the DNA , knowing that if it is not hoax then the limbs will show up in the DNA . 
She selects three young college girls as her victims and invites them up to the professor 's house for a weekend of torture and diabolical experiments .	She selects three young college girls as her victims and invites them up to the professor 's house for a weekend of tadpole and diabolical experiments .
At the dress rehearsal , fellow contestant Jenelle Betz , swaps positions with Amber .	At the dress rehearsal , fellow contestant Jenelle Benz , swaps positions with Amber .
I would next like to thank the Commissioner for the reply he gave to my question and to simply say to him that I understand the reply.	I would next like to thank the Commissioner for toe reply he gave to my question and to simply say to him that I understand the reply.
Another fish swallows an hourglass lamp and takes on the likeness of Mae West , complete with jewels and parasol , utters , `` Come up and see me sometime '' as she steps into the Hollywood Legion Stadium to watch a boxing match .	Another fish swallows an half-boss lamp and takes on the likeness of Mae West , complete with jewels and parasol , utters , `` Come up and see me sometime '' as she steps into the Hollywood Legion Stadium to watch a boxing match .
He is put on the coach , with Jiminy secretly following .	He is put on the coach , with Jiminy seminary following .
When one of my colleagues used eBay to sell an outrageously expensive (i.e.	When one of my colleagues used eBay to an outrageously expensive (i.e. 
While the father pleads for the return of his children , three more large families , a Swedish one with a dozen blond children , another with Chinese children and finally Native American children , arrive , and soon all is chaos .	While the father pleads far the return of his children , three more large families , a Swedish one with a dozen blond children , another with Chinese children and finally Native American children , arrive , and soon all is chaos .
The European Court of Justice has removed a number of legal uncertainties in recent judgments and strengthened the role of public procurers, for example, by indicating that the scope of the directives should not be extended into areas such as urban planning.	The European Court of Justice has removed a number of legal uncertainties in recent judgments and strengthened the role of public procurers, for example, by indicating that the scope of the directives should not be extended into areas urban planning. such as
Despite our past failure to ensure that people were not killed, the onus is now on us to ensure that in future no message of support goes out to the Indonesian authorities as it stands.	Despite our past failure to ensure that people were not killed, the onus is now on us to ensure that in future no message of support goes out to the Indonesian antagonisms as it stands.
Colonna forces Paoli to attend .	Colonna forces to attend . 
Theodore introduces Frankie to the public , promising that Frankie will bring no harm if treated kindly .	Theodore introduces Frankie to the public , promising that Frankie no harm will bring if treated kindly .
Up to 2500 drug tests will be carried out during the Sydney games.	Up to 2000 drug tests will be carried out during the Sydney games.
I do consider Amendment 37 at any rate to be of key importance in this framework.	I do consider Amendment 37 at any rate to be of key this framework. importance in
Leon sleeps on the couch , in the morning Sonja says he 'll be lucky if she returns home that night .	Leon sleeps on the couch , in the morning Sonja says he 'll be lucky if home that she returns night .
It is essential that we safeguard the institution of asylum.	It is essential that we safeguard the inculcation of asylum.
Amaru reminisces about her past .	Amaru reminisces about her . past
Regrouping and stepping up their fight is the only way out if the contemporary needs of the working and grass-roots classes are to be satisfied.	Regrouping and stepping their up fight is the only way out if the contemporary needs of the working and grass-roots classes are to be satisfied.
So it is indeed a fact that, within the banking sector at the moment, we are also approaching the banks with restructuring and viable business plans for the future.	So it is indeed a fact that, within the banking sector at the moment, we are also approaching toe banks with restructuring and viable business plans for the future.
Laurie Gunn explains that the seventeen women were defenseless against De Toro and his more than forty men who arrived the previous day declaring the women 's husbands had been massacred .	Laurie Gunn explains that the seventeen women were defenseless against De Toro and his more than forty men the previous who arrived day declaring the women 's husbands had been massacred .
Mr President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I feel that upholding the Community method has become a habit for many people and I would go as far as to say a religion for some, with its greater and lesser priests: President Delors, you, President Prodi, and Ferdinando Riccardi, who preaches his daily sermon in Agence Europe.	Mr President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I feel that upholding the Community method has become a habit for many people and I would go as far as to say a religion for some, with its rgeater and lesser priests: President Delors, you, President Prodi, and Ferdinando Riccardi, who preaches his daily sermon in Agence Europe.
I still believe that the political will does exist and I am very pleased to see that it is there.	I still believe that the political will does exist and I am very pleased to see that it is enough
Here, just a short mile or so from Fremont Street and Glitter Gulch, are quiet, ranch-style homes spread out over parcels of an acre (about 1.2 hectare) or more, complete with swimming pools, tennis courts, horse corrals, and lush, mature landscaping.	Here, just a short mile or so from Fremont Street and Glitter Gulch, are quiet, ranch-style homes spread out over parcels of an acre 1.2 hectare) or more, complete with swimming pools, tennis courts, horse corrals, and lush, mature landscaping. 
Raised in an orphanage , Grenouille grows into a strangely detached boy with a superhuman sense of smell .	Raised in an orphanage Grenouille grows into a strangely detached boy with a superhuman sense of smell . 
They accuse the couple and assembled guests of forgetting their political commitments , invoking a tortured exploration of unresolved conflicts of a decade ago , when they were swept up in the student demonstrations against the AMPO treaty .	They accuse the couple and assembled guests of forgetting their political commitments , invoking a tortured exploration of unresolved conflicts of a decade ago , when they were swept up in the student double-dollars against the AMPO treaty .
Few bounty hunter training programs exist--the most frequently attended programs are 20-hour courses that cover only basic legal constraints.	Few bounty hunter training programs exist--the most frequently attended programs are 20-hour that cover only basic legal constraints. 
He 's been building a small biplane in his backyard for years .	He 's been building a small biplane in his bedecked for years .
Mr President, a number of people have already thanked you, and I would like to join them in doing so.	Mr President, a number of people have already thanked you, and I would like join them in doing so. 
The only problem is that it then becomes difficult to compliment a rapporteur in a special and personal way for a special report.	The only problem is that it then becomes difficult to compliment a rapporteur in a special and personal way for a several report.
Baily and Brackett allow the situation to worsen until the police finally have had enough , issuing a five minute ultimatum to Baily for release of the hostages .	Baily and Brackett allow the situation to worsen until the police finally have had enough , issuing a five minute ultimatum to Baily release of the hostages . 
The European Union post Lisbon is not just a union with economic policies; it is a union endeavouring to promote policies on employment, social issues and the quality of the development process itself.	The European Usman post Lisbon is not just a union with economic policies; it is a union endeavouring to promote policies on employment, social issues and the quality of the development process itself.
Matilda receives another anonymous call to meet at a nearby cemetery .	Matilda receives another anecdotes call to meet at a nearby cemetery .
In the meantime, I suggest we all try getting some sleep.'	In the meantime, I suggest we all try getting some sittin'
Lee discovers a letter to Ip Tin-chi , revealing his involvement in the murder of her godfather .	Lee dismounts a letter to Ip Tin-chi , revealing his involvement in the murder of her godfather .
Secondly, Parliament points out that the good average results for the whole of the Eurozone cover up substantial differences in the economic situation from one Member State to another.	Secondly, Parliament points out that the good average the whole results for of the Eurozone cover up substantial differences in the economic situation from one Member State to another.
But Blanca 's world will change once she meets Rafael .	But Blanca . world will change once she meets Rafael 's
Regulation No 1466/97 on the preventative aspects is governed by the cooperation procedure, while Regulation No 1467/97 on the excessive deficit procedure is governed by the consultation procedure with the Commission and the Council.	Regulation No 1466/97 on the preventative aspects is governed by the cooperation procedure, while Regulation No 1467/97 on the excessive deficit procedure is governed by the consultation with procedure the Commission and the Council.
In other words, a genuine fisheries policy is not just about adopting rules on fish stocks.	In other words, a genuine fisheries policy is not just about adopting rules fish on stocks.
They are dealing with complex human emotions.	They are dealing with complex human no
This second objective of equal access means specific policies for 12% of Europe' s citizens.	This second objective of equal access means policies for 12% of Europe' s citizens. 
Precisely in order to prevent ionisation and radioactive contamination. In other words, for reasons of radioprotection.	Precisely in order to prevent ionisation and radioactive contamination. In other words, for reasons radioprotection. 
Dandridge 's character , Norma Sherman , is a night-club singer and addict who , upon being released from jail , attempts to win back the love of her husband .	Dandirdge 's character , Norma Sherman , is a night-club singer and addict who , upon being released from jail , attempts to win back the love of her husband .
The rapporteur has rightly tested this against the subsidiarity principle, giving a great deal of weight to the increasing globalization of trade and investments.	The rapporteur has rightly tested this against the subsidiarity principle, giving a great deal of weight to the increasing exchange of trade and investments.
Obviously angry at this , Horde Prime attempts to shoot Skeletor , but He-Man and She-Ra lift his ship up and throw it into space before he has a chance to .	Obviously angry at this , Horde Prime to shoot Skeletor , but He-Man and She-Ra lift his ship up and throw it into space before he has a chance to . 
yeah but uh also the pollen down here has been terrible if if you've got sinuses if you're bothered with ragweed and mountain cedar and all that other stuff that gets in the air boy it's just been driving everybody crazy	yeah but uh also the pollen down here has been terrible if if you've got sinuses if you're bothered with ragweed and mountain cedar and all that other stuff that gets in the air bly it's just been driving everybody crazy
Regional flights to the BMW region are an economic and social necessity.	Regional flights to the BMW region are an economic and necessity. 
In the new context of sustainable development, the June 2001 Gothenburg Council called for emphasis, in future, on the development of rail, sea and river transport.	In toe new context of sustainable development, the June 2001 Gothenburg Council called for emphasis, in future, on the development of rail, sea and river transport.
The story thus concludes .	Tae story thus concludes .
Years later , a wounded Jesse returns home and Zee joins him in the belief that they will escape to California .	Years later , a wounded Jesse returns home and Zee him in the belief that they will escape to California . 
These and other aspects persuade me to support the need, however, to leave Member States plenty of room for flexibility in establishing rules on leave when necessary.	These amd other aspects persuade me to support the need, however, to leave Member States plenty of room for flexibility in establishing rules on leave when necessary.
In the view of the Group of the European People' s Party (Christian Democrats and European Democrats), we are therefore holding a debate which is necessary but which should not take the form of an exaggerated and alarmist condemnation, which is often what happens, but which should recognise certain facts which concern us because they affect the areas covered in the association agreement, such as the respect for human rights and democratic principles. This issue must be resolved by means of political and social dialogue, and an effort on the part of the Tunisian Government to implement legislation which will guarantee political pluralism in a real sense and not in a purely formal sense and, above all, provide the necessary freedom so that the citizens can express their opinions and the media can reflect them.	In the view of the Group of the European People' s Party (Christian Democrats and European Democrats), we are therefore a holding debate which is necessary but which should not take the form of an exaggerated and alarmist condemnation, which is often what happens, but which should recognise certain facts which concern us because they affect the areas covered in the association agreement, such as the respect for human rights and democratic principles. This issue must be resolved by means of political and social dialogue, and an effort on the part of the Tunisian Government to implement legislation which will guarantee political pluralism in a real sense and not in a purely formal sense and, above all, provide the necessary freedom so that the citizens can express their opinions and the media can reflect them.
Vinod 's wife Sudha sees a vagabond named Raja and tries to instill some good ways in him .	Vinod 's wife Sudha sees a vagabond named Raja and tries to instill smoe good ways in him .
Later that night , Connor attempts to rob John Gamble outside a gambling house , but after he finds him equally broke , he is talked into assisting him in robbing the establishment , during which the owner is shot .	Later that night , Connor attempts to rob John Gamble outside a gambling house , but after he finds him equally broke , he is talked into assisting him in robbing toe establishment , during which the owner is shot .
The old man explains what he knows has happened to humanity outside of the city ; Logan and Jessica realize Sanctuary is a myth .	The old man explains what he knows has happened to humanity outside of the city ; Logan and Jessica realize Sanctuary is a mech .
In the town of Kickapoo , Missouri , a young Jack Black is punished by his strictly religious father for playing rock music .	In the town of Kickapoo , Missouri a , young Jack Black is punished by his strictly religious father for playing rock music .
A traveling circus is looking for a great act to raise their ratings , when suddenly , their dog runs off and scares Cindy into walking on the telephone wires , the perfect opportunity for the circus .	A traveling circus is looking for a great act to raise their ratings , when suddenly , their dog runs off and scares Cindy the walking on into telephone wires , the perfect opportunity for the circus .
Ralph and Doris discover their mutual attraction , but their growing intimacy leaves Montgomery feeling excluded .	Ralph and Doris discover their mutual attraction , but their growing intimacy leaves excluded . Montgomery feeling
As it is the Commission that will be representing the EU's Member States at the WIPO negotiations in June of this year, we would like to put the following questions to you and be given answers to them.	As it is tie Commission that will be representing the EU's Member States at the WIPO negotiations in June of this year, we would like to put the following questions to you and be given answers to them.
We also organized a conference on document assembly software in New York City.	We also organized a conference on distract assembly software in New York City.
We have had very open talks with them.	We have had very open talks them. 
A majority of members of visual artists' associations and representative bodies, with whom I have spoken during the last few years, now want to see European resale rights.	A majority of members of visual artists' associations and representative bodies, with whom I have spoken during the last few now want to see European resale rights. 
The proposal adopted by the Commission on 22 September 2005 is important because the fight on all fronts against the terrorist threat remains a priority and because we need to learn the right lessons from the implementation of current legislation.	The proposal adopted by Commission on 22 September 2005 is important because the fight on all fronts against the terrorist threat remains a priority and because we need to learn the right lessons from the implementation of current legislation. 
Helpless , Balan plays mad .	Helpless , mad . Balan plays
He begins courting Jane Seymour in secret , which does n't help Anne 's slowly crumbling psyche .	He begins courting Jane Seymour in , which does n't help Anne 's slowly crumbling psyche . 
After hearing the similarities in the accounts of nightly occurrences , Abbey suspects these patients may have been victims of a non-human kidnapping .	After hearing the similarities in the accounts of nakedly occurrences , Abbey suspects these patients may have been victims of a non-human kidnapping .
The Commission also agrees that the European Securities Regulators' Committee should carry out a full consultation process on draft implementing measures, with the European Parliament being fully informed.	The Commission also agrees that the European Securities Regulators' Committee should carry out a full consultation process on draft implementing measures, with the Parliament being fully informed. 
Miklo announces a change of plans and his men promptly exterminate the Black Guerrilla Army as well .	Miklo announces a change of plans his men promptly exterminate the Black Guerrilla Army as well . 
Nina is a beautiful and charming Indian woman .	Nina is a beautiful and charming Indian . woman
Meanwhile , Avenant and Ludovic stumble upon Diana 's Pavilion .	Meanwhile , Avenant and stumble upon Diana 's Pavilion . 
Berit , a young woman living in a working-class port town begins a relationship with G sta , a sailor newly returned from overseas and intent upon staying on land .	Berit , a woman young living in a working-class port town begins a relationship with G sta , a sailor newly returned from overseas and intent upon staying on land .
Attacks which take their toll on innocent civilians on a daily basis can no longer be tolerated.	Attacks which take their toll on in-orbit civilians on a daily basis can no longer be tolerated.
We should continue to demonstrate that we are willing to take action at home and internationally, that we believe that a truly global problem also requires a global solution.	We should continue to demonstrate that we are willing to take action at home and internationally, that we believe that a truly global problem also requiresa  global solution.
Taking after the Cookie Monster , he eats one as the Princess looks on in disgust .	Taking after the arrives Monster , he eats one as the Princess looks on in disgust .
`` I 've got plans for you ! ''	`` got plans I 've for you ! ''
These barrels contain the substance from original Return of the Living Dead , which caused a zombie outbreak .	These barrels contain the slug-like from original Return of the Living Dead , which caused a zombie outbreak .
Where the democrat exhibits respect for the public, the populist exhibits contempt.	Where the democrat exhibits respect for the public, the populist exhibits cover-up.
After Cem it realizes that Asya has nowhere to go , he takes pity on them and offers them food and shelter while lyas searches desperately for them .	After Cem it realizes that Asya has nowhere to go , he takes pity on them and offers them food and shelter while his searches desperately for them .
Juraj Jakubisko declared in an interview : -LCB- -LCB- quotation -RCB- -RCB-	Juraj Jakubisko declared in an interview : -LCB- -LCB- quotation -LRB- -RCB-
Lucas is told off for singing poor songs and sings another `` What will I do without you '' .	Lucas is told off . singing poor songs and sings another `` What will I do without you '' for
The Europe Guarantee Fund is a key card in our strategy in Europe to bring investment and jobs to this fast expanding sector of the economy.	The Europe Guarantee Food is a key card in our strategy in Europe to bring investment and jobs to this fast expanding sector of the economy.
Democracy is thwarted here because European citizens have the impression that the decision-making process is completely beyond their understanding.	Democracy is thwarted here because European citizens their the impression that the decision-making process is completely beyond have understanding.
The European Union proposals for Kyoto are not unilateral reductions but proposals in support of our position at the Kyoto negotiations.	The European Union proposals for Kyoto are not unilateral reductions but proposals in support of oor position at the Kyoto negotiations.
The legislation adopted by the EU on promoting green vehicles is generating investments in the design and production of cars with lower carbon dioxide emission rates.	The adopted by the EU on promoting green vehicles is generating investments in the design and production of cars with lower carbon dioxide emission rates. 
Michael 's plan to `` out '' Alan with the game appears to backfire when Alan calls his wife , not the male college friend Justin Stewart whom Michael had presumed to be Alan 's lover .	Michael 's plan to `` out '' Alan with the game appears to backfire when Alan calls his wife not the male college friend Justin Stewart whom Michael had presumed to be Alan 's lover . 
He says very soon it will be the 100 year anniversary of the first appearance of the ` dark stranger ' , he will return , the moon will turn red , and the town will be overrun with evil .	He says very soon it will be the 100 year anniversary of the first appearance of the ` dark stranger ' , he will return , the moan will turn red , and the town will be overrun with evil .
Budgetary discipline was not kept in a responsible way, which led to a large growth in the public finance deficit.	Budgetary discipline was not kept in a responsible way, which led to a large growth in tie public finance deficit.
Despite all the Umbrella activities and attempts to quarantine and sanitize Raccoon City , the virus managed to leave the quarantine , and it has spread around the world .	Despite all the Umbrella activities and attempts to quarantine and sanitize Raccoon City , the managed to leave the quarantine , and it has spread around the world . 
Sharp spikes lined the pit aiming both in and out.	Sharp spikes lined pit aiming both in and out. 
I think that a common system would be good, and, Mr Kallas, we appeal to you to allow the working group to convene swiftly after today's debate and to draw up common rules which would still leave the individual institution the requisite autonomy to make its own decisions.	I think that a common system would be good, and, Mr Kallas, we appeal to you to allow the working group to convene swiftly after today's debate and to draw up common rules which would still leave the individual institution the autonomy requisite to make its own decisions.
Belgium's existence was recognised very quickly by the London Conference, which was attended by the United Kingdom, Prussia, Russia, Austria and France, but the Netherlands, from whom we had broken away, waited nine years before recognising Belgium.	Belgium's existence was recognised very quickly by the London Conference, which was attended by the United Kingdom, Prussia, Russia, Austria and France, but the Netherlands, from whom we had away, waited nine years before recognising Belgium. 
They have not tried to force too many companies together at one time.	They have not tried to force two many companies together at one time.
Of course it does, for they can then produce more cheaply to the detriment of the environment.	Of course it does, they for can then produce more cheaply to the detriment of the environment.
One morning a cellist moves in .	One milling a cellist moves in .
Elizabeth Blaine , working at the New Orleans morgue , receives Dracula 's ` corpse ' from her friend and co-worker Luke following the events of Dracula 2000 .	Elizabeth Blaine , working at the New Orleans masque , receives Dracula 's ` corpse ' from her friend and co-worker Luke following the events of Dracula 2000 .
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the initiative that we are about to launch is very important for two reasons: the first is the subject of the research, which concerns the fight against neurodegenerative diseases, and the second is the joint programming methods for the research.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the initiative that we are about to launch is very important for two reasons: the first is the subject of the research, which concerns the fight neurodegenerative against diseases, and the second is the joint programming methods for the research.
In view of the urgent need for cross-border consultation on common priorities for the removal of obstacles, I could well imagine the third area for support - common learning actions - including the corridor conferences that Parliament has been demanding for so long.	In view of the urgent need for cross-border consultation on common priorities for the removal of could well obstacles, I imagine the third area for support - common learning actions - including the corridor conferences that Parliament has been demanding for so long.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on production and employment in the textile and clothing sector in various EU Member States.	The next item is the debate on the question to the Commission on production and employment in the textile and clothing sector in various EU Member States. 
The current cuts are hard to reconcile with the development of agriculture and efforts to improve competitiveness.	The current cuts are hard agriculture reconcile with the development of to and efforts to improve competitiveness.
They are also universal principles, despite certain differences in emphasis.	They are also universal principles, despite certain differences emphasis. in
Fascism did it with weapons and some people appear to envy its intentions, and 65 years later certain other weapons such as money and propaganda are being used for the same reason.	Fascism did it with weapons and some people appear to envy its intentions, and 65 years later certain other weapons usch as money and propaganda are being used for the same reason.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Madam President, I believe the minimum income report that we have voted through in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs is the best way forward and will achieve the widest support.	on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Madam President, I believe the minimum income report that we have voted through in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs is the best way forward and will achieve the reasonable support.
First of all extending it to include other water sports in addition to bathing.	First of all extending it to implore other water sports in addition to bathing.
We support you when you say that we need deeper cooperation.	We support you when you sly that we need deeper cooperation.
Sergeant Kwon found that the doors leading out of the bunker are locked , and asks Yoo in the generator room at gunpoint , where the keys are .	Sergeant Kwon found that the doors leading out of the are locked , and asks Yoo in the generator room at gunpoint , where the keys are . 
The programs, supplemented by funding from state governments, bar associations and foundations, provide free legal help to the poor but not in criminal cases.	The programs, supplemented by funding from state gift-giving, bar associations and foundations, provide free legal help to the poor but not in criminal cases.
His only friend is Liam , the only one who shows him any kindness .	His only friend Liam , the only one who shows him any kindness . 
Miranda stays locked in the cellar , except for occasional baths in the main house .	Miranda stays locked in the cutter , except for occasional baths in the main house .
However , Rammaendelo is unable to get through to the Cardinal on the telephone .	However , Rammaendelo is unable to get through to the Cardinal on the . 
We should not forget either that there is a social dimension to this: mobility provides for the acquisition of invaluable and rich experience in the sphere of scientific, cultural and social variety.	We second not forget either that there is a social dimension to this: mobility provides for the acquisition of invaluable and rich experience in the sphere of scientific, cultural and social variety.
For example, there is to be a ticket for local public transport in Brussels, and that is to be negotiated further.	For example, there is to be a ticket for local transport in Brussels, and that is to be negotiated further. 
Inebriated , he becomes increasingly louder , drawing the attention of two policemen as well as Miriam Brady , a shopgirl on her lunch hour , who takes Geoff to a cafe to spare him from arrest .	Inebriated , he becomes increasingly louder , drawing the attention of two policemen as well as Miriam Brady , a shopgirl on lunch her hour , who takes Geoff to a cafe to spare him from arrest .
Tom and Jerry climb onto the roof and get Robyn out of the cabin with a rope while Figg and Lickboot are stuck in the roof of the boat and it drives them away .	Tom and Jerry climb onto the roof and get Robyn out of the crian with a rope while Figg and Lickboot are stuck in the roof of the boat and it drives them away .
She is right to emphasise the need for tighter random checks, even in cases where no suspicions exist, and to call for a ban on the transport of radioactive material on passenger flights.	She is right to emphasise the need for tighter random checks, even in cases where no suspicions exist, and to call for a ban on the transport of radioactive mothball on passenger flights.
I regard that almost as a personal attack, because I love Austria, and of course Finland and Sweden too!	I ranged that almost as a personal attack, because I love Austria, and of course Finland and Sweden too!
Later , by checking Su 's pulse , Dr. Du reveals to Ying that Su is going mad and that there is probably no Wu Shu God or Old Sage since she is the only one living in the area .	Later , by checking Su 's parle , Dr. Du reveals to Ying that Su is going mad and that there is probably no Wu Shu God or Old Sage since she is the only one living in the area .
Perhaps it is quite unrealistic to think that there could be progress before the problems are dramatised with the presence of 25 or so ministers at the table.	Perhaps it is quite unrealistic to think that there could be progress before the problems are safe with the presence of 25 or so ministers at the table.
If you only see yourself as a UK parliamentarian, you will perhaps only be able to answer my question from a UK perspective.	If you only see yourself as a UK parliamentarian, you only be will perhaps able to answer my question from a UK perspective.
Abhi tells him to go away , but Rahul begs him to marry Anu While Rahul is walking on his way to the train station , the bunch of goons he saved the family from , sticks a knife in him and he is taken to hospital .	Abhi tells him to go away , but Rahul begs him to marry Anu While Rahul is walking on his way to the train station , the bunch of goons he saved family from , sticks a knife in him and he is taken to hospital . 
– As the author is not present, Question No 37 lapses.	– As the author is net present, Question No 37 lapses.
So far as I am concerned we could use the normal competition rules.	So far as I am concerned use the we could normal competition rules.
The movie climaxes in a chase through Sea World San Diego , where Gerald is pursued by Thor 's gangsters , a rival group of gangsters who had made a deal with Syd to buy his diamonds , and a group of Chinese who smuggle the diamonds disguised as plastic pearls .	The movie climaxes in a chase through Sea World San Diego , where Gerald is pursued by Thor 's gangsters , a rvial group of gangsters who had made a deal with Syd to buy his diamonds , and a group of Chinese who smuggle the diamonds disguised as plastic pearls .
Manuel meanwhile realizes that Caye was indeed being serious about her profession , without saying a word to each other , they both understand the predicament and quietly go their separate ways .	Manuel meanwhile realizes that Caye was indeed being serious about her , profession without saying a word to each other , they both understand the predicament and quietly go their separate ways .
They actually do give out business cards, but the cards don't go into specifics.	They actually do give out business but the cards don't go into specifics. 
Nothing would be worse in this period of major economic crisis than for us to withdraw into ourselves and take refuge in a panic-stricken fear of others, of foreigners.	Nothing would be worse in this period of major economic crisis than for us to withdraw itno ourselves and take refuge in a panic-stricken fear of others, of foreigners.
It is necessary to ensure that they will provide a real benefit to the citizen, and are not merely privileges supporting the vested interests of all the professions concerned.	It is necessary to ensure that they will provide a real benefit to the and are not merely privileges supporting the vested interests of all the professions concerned. 
It has helped on occasion, as you know, to sort out or to ease certain issues and events through the life of this Parliament.	It has helped occasion, as you know, to sort out or to ease certain issues and events through the life of this Parliament. 
I will not take issue with the statistical data that my fellow Members are giving you.	I will not take issue with the statistical data that my Members are giving you. 
Betty 's pals , including Bimbo and Koko , throw her a party .	Betty 's pals , including Baloo and Koko , throw her a party .
Madam President, I want to express my delight at this report having been adopted without amendment.	Madam President, I want to express my at this report having been adopted without amendment. 
Scientific research in this area is essential if we are to take a path that is right and safe, whether for combating climate change or for adapting to it.	Scientific research in this area is essential if we are to path that take a is right and safe, whether for combating climate change or for adapting to it.
I agree that the use of legislative delegation should make it possible to adopt simple and accessible legislation, thus contributing to legal certainty, the efficacy of the delegate and control by the delegator.	I agree that the use of legislative delegation should make it possible to adopt simple and accessible legislation, thus contributing to legal certainty, the efficacy the of delegate and control by the delegator.
We also insist on the amendment which calls for the Commission to produce a statement on the financial consequences for the retail trade, especially the small and medium-sized businesses, so that we in this House are better able to evaluate the next stage in the procedure.	We also insist on the amendment which calls for the Commission to produce a statement on the financial consequences for the retail trade, especially the small and medium-sized businesses, so that we in this House are better able to evaluate the next stage in tie procedure.
The three best-known conflicts which have been settled by the WTO since the adoption of the Marrakech Agreements, those concerning hormones, bananas and fuel in the United States, are all conflicts which have given rise to decisions which are detrimental to both public health and the environment. This seems to me to be a vital point.	The three begrenzten conflicts which have been settled by the WTO since the adoption of the Marrakech Agreements, those concerning hormones, bananas and fuel in the United States, are all conflicts which have given rise to decisions which are detrimental to both public health and the environment. This seems to me to be a vital point.
Every woman - every girl - needs to get a qualification, whatever their background, and they need access to a profession which will genuinely secure them a proper living.	Every woman every girl - needs to get a qualification, whatever their background, and they need access to a profession which will genuinely secure them a proper living. 
The placid life of Lando , tuscan peasant is shocked by the sudden return of an aunt , who emigrated to the United States thirty years before , became a fat irreducible by appetite .	The placid life of Lando , tuscan peasant is shocked by the sudden region of an aunt , who emigrated to the United States thirty years before , became a fat irreducible by appetite .
However , the G.E.L.F. Colony intercepts a message from General Thomas to the seaQuest , where he reiterates his order to destroy the island if the G.E.L.F.s do not release their hostages .	However , the G.E.L.F. Colony intercepts a message from General Thomas to the seaQuest , where he reiterates his order to destroy the inlaid if the G.E.L.F.s do not release their hostages .
The Jové Peres report opens up the possibility of increasing national production, allowing for new plantations which would make it possible to return to traditional production levels.	The Jové Peres report opens up tie possibility of increasing national production, allowing for new plantations which would make it possible to return to traditional production levels.
Who is responsible for their quality and the side-effects they cause?	Who is for their quality and the side-effects they cause? 
end-title card like a curtain .	end-title cred like a curtain .
i just prefer having someone else do it to me um you know i'd rather spend my time doing other things	i just prefer having sizable else do it to me um you know i'd rather spend my time doing other things
Joe tells the kids to gather the guns and kicks Cream out of the neighborhood with Cream saying '' You shoulda killed me Tonto , You shoulda killed me ! ''	Joe tells hte kids to gather the guns and kicks Cream out of the neighborhood with Cream saying '' You shoulda killed me Tonto , You shoulda killed me ! ''
Because this is a Community area, involving health and safety in the workplace, we and the Commission have a responsibility in this area.	Because this is a Community area, involving health and safety in tie workplace, we and the Commission have a responsibility in this area.
However, this would be very difficult to carry through because it seems contrary to the spirit of Maastricht, to the ECB' s position and to the interests of the small countries, which would have something to say about it.	However, this would be very difficult to carry through because it seems contrary to the spirit of Maastricht, to the ECB' s opsition and to the interests of the small countries, which would have something to say about it.
Try the following early start at a Paris street market to buy a picnic; morning tour of the palace; stroll through the palace gardens to lunch beside the Grand Canal; siesta and tea in the gardens of the Petit Trianon; finally, wander back across the palace gardens for a last sunset view of the great chateau.	Try the following early start at a Paris street market to buy a picnic; morning tour of the palace; stroll through the palace gardens to lunch beside the Grand Canal; siesta and tea in the gardens of the Petit Trianon; finally, wander back across the palace gardens for a last sunset of the great chateau. 
Mr President, here we are, on the eve of the Stuttgart conference, voicing criticism of the Euro-Mediterranean partnership.	Mr President, here we are, the eve of the Stuttgart conference, voicing criticism of the Euro-Mediterranean partnership. 
yeah well i that the London Knights i think is who it is	yeah well i that the London Knights i think is who is 
Successful psychologist , Dr. Angela Cross , hires security expert Will Griffith and his partner , Steve Caldwell , to install a security system in her house , after receiving several death threats .	Successful psychologist , Dr. Angela Cross , hires security Griffith and expert Will his partner , Steve Caldwell , to install a security system in her house , after receiving several death threats .
Grover then uses that money to bet on Tea Biscuit .	Grover then uses that money to bit on Tea Biscuit .
A man vanishes without a trace .	A vanishes without a trace . 
-LCB- -LCB- cquote -RCB- -RCB- As the list of actors is seen at the end , the hymn `` Vaishnava Janato '' is heard .	-LCB- -LCB- cquote -RCB- -RCB- As the list of actors is seen at the end , the hymn `` Vinnytsia Janato '' is heard .
Because what we are aiming to do is to take forward regulatory cooperation, proper risk assessment - including on the safety of imported products - bridging differences on technical standards, resisting protectionism, removing barriers to transatlantic trade and promoting capital markets liberalisation.	Because what we are aiming to do is to take forward regulatory cooperation, proper risk assessment - including on the safety of imported products - bridging differences on technical standards, regard protectionism, removing barriers to transatlantic trade and promoting capital markets liberalisation.
I think, however, that instability is merely a symptom and that we should be looking at the underlying causes. I think that it is preferable to fight the causes rather than attempt to tackle the symptoms when this is probably not possible and when, as already stated, the measure concerned is pretty certainly at odds with the Treaty of Rome.	I think, however, that instability is merely a symptom and that we should be looking at the underlying causes. I think that it is preferable to fight the causes rather than attempt to tackle the symptoms when this is not possible and when, as already stated, the measure concerned is pretty certainly at odds with the Treaty of Rome. 
So that is why the scenario envisaged in Madrid has become a reality.	So that is why the scenario envisaged in Madrid has become a revenue.
   Mr President, we are in the habit of making a lot of noise when it comes to the explanations of vote.	   Mr President, we are in the habit of making a lot of noise when it to comes the explanations of vote.
The film climaxes as John loses hope , and his search for meaning turns to self-destruction .	The film climaxes as John loses hope , and his search for mucking turns to self-destruction .
He is portrayed to be a happy-go-lucky character and quite popular with the women .	He is portrayed to the a happy-go-lucky character and quite popular with be women .
The serious 'mad cow' crisis unfortunately brought home to us the importance of improving the information distributed when it comes to promoting public health.	The serious 'mad cow' crisis unfortunately information home to us the importance of improving the brought distributed when it comes to promoting public health.
Why had he said that?	Way had he said that?
We therefore want to know whether the European social model is compatible with a form of globalisation that has been brought in at the cost of the kinds of social dumping and environmental dumping that prevail in other countries and that have led to relocations and unemployment in Europe.	We is want to know whether the European social model therefore compatible with a form of globalisation that has been brought in at the cost of the kinds of social dumping and environmental dumping that prevail in other countries and that have led to relocations and unemployment in Europe.
In my country it is customary when someone is speaking for others not to interrupt but it seems habits are rather different here.	In my cruelly it is customary when someone is speaking for others not to interrupt but it seems habits are rather different here.
Raja Jai Singh II, that scholar of the stars who dotted northern India with his collections of instruments for observing the heavens, chose an exact date for moving his capital from Amber 17 November 1727 as auspicious.	Raja Jai Singh IC, that scholar of the stars who dotted northern India with his collections of instruments for observing the heavens, chose an exact date for moving his capital from Amber 17 November 1727 as auspicious.
The next item is Mrs Waddington's report (A4-0405/97), on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the Commission report on access to continuing training in the Union (COM(97)0180 - C40208/97).	The next item is Mrs Waddington's report (A4-0405/97), on belief of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the Commission report on access to continuing training in the Union (COM(97)0180 - C40208/97).
Worried finance ministers - and there are many - can rest assured.	third finance ministers - and there are many - can rest assured.
When test screenings reveal that the public is enamoured with Clara , but less enthusiastic about the film itself , producer Ercole sees an opportunity to take advantage of his actress ' shapely presence and spice the film up a bit , with less attention to detail and more overt displays of passion .	When test screenings reveal that the public is enamoured with Clara , but less enthusiastic about the film itself , producer Ercole an opportunity to take advantage of his actress ' shapely presence and spice the film up a bit , with less attention to detail and more overt displays of passion . 
During a football game , Dennis spies a newly restored Christine and is shocked to see Arnie with Leigh Cabot .	During to football game , Dennis spies a newly restored Christine and is shocked a see Arnie with Leigh Cabot .
A night club singer , Ruby Patterson the beneficiary of his will , tips the gangsters as to his whereabouts .	A night club softer , Ruby Patterson the beneficiary of his will , tips the gangsters as to his whereabouts .
It is used for a huge number of purposes.	It is used fur a huge number of purposes.
We also raise the issue of freedom of religion or belief during our human rights dialogues and urge countries to eradicate discrimination and intolerance.	We also raise the issue of freedom of religion or belief during our human relays dialogues and urge countries to eradicate discrimination and intolerance.
It is therefore unacceptable after so many years that General Ratko Mladić remains at large.	It is therefore unacceptable after so many years that General Mladić remains at large. 
Good heavens! murmured John.	Good heavens! John. 
Madam President, simplifying and updating this regulation is of major importance in promoting the mobility of workers in the European Union.	Madam President, simplifying and updating this regulation is of major importance in promoting the of workers in the European Union. 
To return to the EUR 40 million, it can only be the beginning.	To return to the EUR 40 million, it can okay be the beginning.
As the crisis unfolds we are also approaching a critical moment for the future credibility of the United Nations and a world order based on the rule of law.	As the crisis unfolds wea re also approaching a critical moment for the future credibility of the United Nations and a world order based on the rule of law.
Dazed , cut and mentally confused , he stumbles back to the hotel where he tries to dig up a glass chess piece in the grounds , one which he buried years ago , but he does not find it .	Dazed , cut and mentally confused , he stumbles back to the hotel where he tries to dig up a chess glass piece in the grounds , one which he buried years ago , but he does not find it .
Suddenly one by one the bad cops are killed , with needle of suspicion resting on Kasi as a look-alike is behind the murders .	Suddenly one by one the bad cops are killed , with needle of resting on Kasi as a look-alike is behind the murders . 
I welcome Parliament's positive attitude to finding ways of resolving the problem, whilst respecting the Member States' right to establish whether employment relations are involved in a case.	I welcome Parliament's positive attitude to finding ways of resolving the problem, whilst respecting the Mulder States' right to establish whether employment relations are involved in a case.
While the film is primarily a bawdy comedy , it also contains interesting tidbits of historic truth , such as a relatively accurate life-size replica of the Pallas Athene statue by Phidias in the Parthenon .	While the film is primarily a bawdy comedy , it also contains interesting tidbits of historic truth , such as a relatively accurate life-size ricotta of the Pallas Athene statue by Phidias in the Parthenon .
It is a serious step in the success of the policy applied in the region by the European Union which, basically, has the main responsibility for the area.	It is a serious step in the success of policy applied in the region by the European Union which, basically, has the main responsibility for the area. 
While at a bar , Penelope ends up befriending Annie .	While a at bar , Penelope ends up befriending Annie .
Nina struggles to rehearse her role as Juliet in the soon to be open play , but now after Paulot left her she realizes that it is him the one she is really in love with .	Nina struggles to rehearse her role as Juliet in the soon to be open play , but now after looks left her she realizes that it is him the one she is really in love with .
Shh, she said.	because she said.
So the last hope of solving the mystery, by means of Mrs. Inglethorp's correspondence on the fatal evening, had to be abandoned.	So the last hope of solving the memoirs, by means of Mrs. Inglethorp's correspondence on the fatal evening, had to be abandoned.
We criticized it for irregularities in the refunding of flight tickets, irregularities in the accumulation of day and session money, and some other things.	We criticized it for irregularities in the short of flight tickets, irregularities in the accumulation of day and session money, and some other things.
Fletch decides not to tell the Vicar of his daughter 's death .	Fletch decides not to tell the David of his daughter 's death .
The recovery plan presented last week, which we welcome, is in addition to all these measures and represents a suitable tool for responding to our current difficulties.	The recovery plan presented last week, which we welcome, is in addition to all these measures amd represents a suitable tool for responding to our current difficulties.
Yin manages to open a temporary portal to the Underworld .	Yin manages to a temporary portal to the Underworld . 
All I would say to Mr Schulz is that, when I sat round the table in Graz and heard the approach of the 25 ministers on the Services Directive, it was most certainly not because they felt that it was a triumph for socialism.	All I would say to Mr Schulz is that, when I sat round the table because Graz and heard the approach of the 25 ministers on the Services Directive, it was most certainly not in they felt that it was a triumph for socialism.
The port of Rostock is right next door, over the border in Germany.	Tse port of Rostock is right next door, over the border in Germany.
Hale and the others fight back against and overcome Nero and his men , reclaiming the riverboat , and Hale personally kills Nero in combat .	Hale and the others fight back against and overcome Nero and his men  ,reclaiming the riverboat , and Hale personally kills Nero in combat .
It's not the same as adding real value to the economy.	It's not the same as adding real value to the well
oh i don't i don't watch that um	oh i don't i dwelt watch that um
His son works in Military services .	His son works in services . 
Harry gives him the keys as he boasts that he will soon own another one .	Harry gives him the keys as he boasts that . will soon own another one he
In the film 's denouement , we realize that the real kidnapper was Jack 's new wife , Amaya , with the help of her cousin , the Sheriff in Del Rio .	In the film 's denouement , we realize that the real kidnapper was Jack 's new wife , Amaya , with the help cousin , of her the Sheriff in Del Rio .
The current Tiffany show at the Met is sponsored by Tiffany.	The couldnt Tiffany show at the Met is sponsored by Tiffany.
The repaired car driven by Ding Bo stopped in front of them when they are eating by the road .	The repaired car driven by Ding Bo stopped in of them when they are eating by the road . 
Now, the Commission is abandoning any final pretence.	Now, the Commission is abandoning any frail pretence.
As such, I believe that we really should adopt stricter technical safety standards for these vehicles, stricter and more frequent inspections to ensure that these standards are being applied and, of course, stricter checks on the professional skills of the drivers of these buses.	As such, I believe that we really should adopt stricter technical safety standards for these vehicles, stricter more frequent inspections to ensure that these standards are being applied and, of course, stricter checks on the professional skills of the drivers of these buses. 
Light begins working with the team and Misa goes back home .	Light begins working with the team and Misa goes back hype .
It is essential that these efforts should complement each other.	It is essential that these efforts should each complement other.
We therefore need to focus on regional supplies, and, in the interests of our consumers and our farmers, we need to support local farmers and small butchers.	We therefore need to focus on regional supplies, and, in the of our consumers and our farmers, we need to support local farmers and small butchers. 
If we want to export these technologies we need to make sure that the resources are available.	If we want to these technologies we need to make sure that the resources are available. 
The first John Travolta reference is to the film `` Pulp Fiction '' when the Wax character makes a statement about his favorite food , a `` Royale with Cheese '' and the second one is from the movie `` The Experts '' when Wax sings the Carpenters song `` Close to You '' when he hears it on the radio .	The first John Travolta reference is to the film `` Pulp Fiction '' when the Wax character makes a statement about his favorite food , a `` Royale with Cheese '' and the second one is from the movie `` The Experts '' when Wax sings toe Carpenters song `` Close to You '' when he hears it on the radio .
I hope that the points on which we have focussed in this report will guide their work because there are many lessons to be learnt.	I hope that the points on which we have focussed in this report will their work because there are many lessons to be learnt. 
However, a major concern still exists about data transmitted to third countries and international organisations, because the truth is that we do not know, in reality, what will happen to this data.	However, a major concern still exists about data transmitted to third countries and international organisations, because toe truth is that we do not know, in reality, what will happen to this data.
The accounting system has also, of course, come in for criticism and I could explain at this point that there are only two countries in the whole of the European Union that have implemented the kind of accrual accounting system that we want to see.	The accounting system has also, of course, come in for criticism and I could explain at point that there are only two countries in the whole of the European Union that have implemented the kind of accrual accounting system that we want to see. 
   . The motion for a resolution on which we have just voted highlights the need for new management measures to be taken for the Mediterranean.	   . The motion for a resolution on which we have just voted highlights the need for new management measures to be taken for tie Mediterranean.
For some reason, I wasn't much moved by the old Number 31, 1950 . But , a 15 foot long monochrome work on loan from Desseldorf, Germany, took my breath away.	For some reason, I wasn't much moved by the old Number 31, 1950 . But , a 15 foot long monochrome work on lain from Desseldorf, Germany, took my breath away.
In a nearby 19th-century Anglican church is the visitor center, with exhibits and an audio-visual show.	In a nearby 19th-century church is the visitor center, with exhibits and an audio-visual show. 
Lily gets caught in a feud between Sutherland and a rival crime boss and ends up with an incriminating picture that she tries to sell for $ 25,000 .	Lily gets caught in a feud between Sutherland and a rival crime boss abd ends up with an incriminating picture that she tries to sell for $ 25,000 .
Internal refugees have to return quickly to devastated villages that have not been rebuilt, purely in order to prevent contact between disaffected masses.	Internal refugees have to return quickly to devastated villages that have been rebuilt, purely in order to prevent contact between disaffected masses. 
Crumb 's tendency to mix fact with fantasy , however , does not prevent him from noticing that Nikki 's stepmother , Helen Downing , is having an affair with her tennis coach Vince Barnes , and after several incidents and observations , Crumb comes to the conclusion that she is behind the kidnapping .	Crumb 's tendency to mix fact with fantasy , however , does not prevent him from noticing that Nikki 's stepmother , Helen , is having an affair with her tennis coach Vince Barnes , and after several incidents and observations , Crumb comes to the conclusion that she is behind the kidnapping . 
It is also taking the European monetary union a step further towards a transfer union in which euro states which manage their economies well have to keep their purses open to pay for the mismanagement of others.	It is also taking the European monetary union a step further towards a transfer union in which euro states which manage well have their economies to keep their purses open to pay for the mismanagement of others.
The keywords are coordination - partly when it comes to sharing information between the Commission and the Parliament - decentralisation, targeting and optimum exploitation of the available information technology.	The With are coordination - partly when it comes to sharing information between the Commission and the Parliament - decentralisation, targeting and optimum exploitation of the available information technology.
Campaigns are self- If Bradley gets close enough to be a real challenge to Gore, he will be subject to the same withering fire that Gore faces.	Campaigns are self- If Bradley gets close enough to be a real challenge to Gore, he will be subject to the same wrangling fire that Gore faces.
Minutes later , they are found by the local sheriff who shows up in a helicopter to check on them .	Minutes . , they are found by the local sheriff who shows up in a helicopter to check on them later
After her young son is killed in a bank robbery , Kit Tilden is determined to bury him beside his father in Siringo , now deserted and located in Apache territory .	After her young son is killed in a bank robbery , Kit Tilden is to determined bury him beside his father in Siringo , now deserted and located in Apache territory .
Won't This Hurt Tony Blair's Feelings?	Won't This Hurt Tony Blair'sF eelings?
(DA) Mr President, I voted in favour of Mrs Laperrouze's report, but I also voted in favour of a number of amendments, all of which put a question mark against nuclear power as an energy source of the future.	(DA) Mr President, I voted in favour of Mrs Laperrouze's report, but I also voted in favour of a number of amendments, all of which pat a question mark against nuclear power as an energy source of the future.
Ryan visits Escobedo 's mansion and tells him what Cortez has been doing .	Ryan visits Escobedo 's mansion and tells him what Cortez hos been doing .
Reconciliation remains the central issue here.	great remains the central issue here.
Then you consider it more likely that the drug was administered in the coffee, but that for some unknown reason its action was delayed.	Then you consider it more lackey that the drug was administered in the coffee, but that for some unknown reason its action was delayed.
Once such a change is made, it does of course follow that every country – whether Germany or some other – must abide by the rules.	Once such a change is made, it does of course every country follow that – whether Germany or some other – must abide by the rules.
What exactly are we talking about here?	What exactly are we talking about hope?
The Danish positions would have prevented any democratic control by national parliaments, would have provided no prospect of keeping the citizens informed and would have consolidated the centralised approach to decision-making.	The Danish positions would have prevented any democratic control by national parliaments, would have provided no prospect of keeping the citizens informed and would have consolidated centralised approach to decision-making. 
This is the proposal made in this report, which stresses the need for future agreements to include standards relating to non-discrimination, fair and equitable treatment, and protection against direct and indirect expropriation.	This is the proposal made in this report, which stresses the need for future agreements to include standards relating to non-discrimination, fair and endocrine treatment, and protection against direct and indirect expropriation.
I welcome the extension of powers for the European Parliament.	I welcome the extension of powers the European Parliament. 
Land transport and, above all, railways should be able to replace air transport more smoothly if the latter is withdrawn.	Land transport and, above all, rialtais should be able to replace air transport more smoothly if the latter is withdrawn.
I would also like to congratulate Portugal, which is a double congratulation.	I would also like to Portugal, which is a double congratulation. 
As a lawyer and democrat, I have to say that cooperation and development are always to be welcomed and that they can be useful and increase our awareness, but it is very difficult to take the rhetoric seriously.	As a lawyer and democrat, I have to the that cooperation and development are always to be welcomed and that they can be useful and increase our awareness, but it is very difficult to take say rhetoric seriously.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this report reflects the duality and political tension raised by this subject.	Mr President, ladies Commissioner, and gentlemen, this report reflects the duality and political tension raised by this subject.
I would stress, however, that we are in the early stages of a policy that aims to provide passengers with a guarantee of new rights.	I would stress, however, that we are in the early stages of a policy that aims to passengers with a guarantee of new rights. 
Of course we defend them, not only in the European Union, but also in our external relations.	Of course we defend them, not only in the Emission Union, but also in our external relations.
At the same time , Stanlio and Ollio , have also been robbed .	At the same time , Stanlio and Ollio , have been robbed . 
These include Ariella Martinez , a femme fatale who kills her victims with exotic poisons ; Finbar McTeague who is also known as `` The Surgeon '' , who brutally tortures his victims ; the Southern Tremor family consisting of father Fritz and children ; Lester , Kaitlyn , Baby Boy , and finally Lazlo Soot who is a master of disguise assassin .	These include Ariella Martinez , a femme fatale who kills her victims with exotic poisons ; Finbar McTeague who is also known as `` The Surgeon '' , who brutally tortures his victims ; the Southern Tremor family consisting of father Fritz and children ; Lester , Katrien , Baby Boy , and finally Lazlo Soot who is a master of disguise assassin .
When her mother dies , Rita is heavily sedated and miserable at the funeral .	When her the dies , Rita is heavily sedated and miserable at mother funeral .
That is why we asked the Turkish government to take action.	That is why we asked the Turkish to government take action.
She immediately reports it to the high school principal .	She immediately reports it to the high school . 
We used to regulate the telecom sector through national regulators, but these will wither away in future because we are moving towards a single, global regulator, namely the market.	We used to regulate the telecom sector through national regulators, but these will away wither in future because we are moving towards a single, global regulator, namely the market.
After a firecracker is thrown onto the stage during the performance of the song `` Help ! ''	After a firecracker thrown onto the stage during the performance of the song `` Help ! '' 
Which region could be the most aware and most motivated to welcome and work towards maritime safety?	Which region could be the most aware and most motivatde to welcome and work towards maritime safety?
Tony signs up , despite misgivings after the director , Jeffrey Cordova , changes the light comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust legend , with himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character .	Tony signs up , despite misgivings after the director , Jeffrey Cordova , changes the light comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust lusted , with himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character .
It became a project to assist the functioning of the economy even further; a project in which basic universal rights have been reduced to mere aspirations and - as Mr Bruton said - postponed to some indeterminate date in the future; a project that limits the Eastern European countries' involvement in Europe to the role of auxiliary policemen in the fight against organized crime.	It became a project to assist the functioning of the economy even further; a project in which basic universal rights have been reduced to mere aspirations and - as Mr Bruton said - postponed to some indeterminate date in tie future; a project that limits the Eastern European countries' involvement in Europe to the role of auxiliary policemen in the fight against organized crime.
It is therefore a question of accepting our responsibilities.	It is therefore a question of accepting our whole
'Oh,' I said, meekly.	'egg' I said, meekly.
The EU is the world’s biggest aid donor and is responsible for 55% of all development aid.	The EU is the biggest aid donor and is responsible for 55% of all development aid. 
And it's no mean feat either.	And it's mean feat either. 
According to Harwood, a stress factor of more than 60 indicates deception.	According to Harwood, a stress factor of more 60 indicates deception. 
She accompanies them back to Britain , where the people of Gormleigh organise a pageant to welcome her which quickly descends into farce .	She accompanies them back to Britain , where the people of Gormleigh organise a pageant to warfare her which quickly descends into farce .
One day, when the true story of this rush to liberalization is told, if it ever is, there is no doubt that the efforts of the customs professionals to moderate attacks on the regulations and mechanisms aimed at protecting economies based on national territories against the smugglers who have so promptly and rapidly taken advantage of the new ' facilities' and the rush to liberalization, will finally be recognized.	One day, when the true story of this rush to liberalization is told, if it ever is, there is no doubt that the efforts of the customs professionals moderate attacks on the regulations and mechanisms aimed at protecting economies based on national territories against the smugglers who have so promptly and rapidly taken advantage of the new ' facilities' and the rush to liberalization, will finally be recognized. 
Tarabas is reluctant , but Fiodor talks him into it .	Tarabas is reluctant , but Fiodor talks into it . 
By 'style' I mean that only two or three years ago there were considerable tensions and perhaps too much sensitivity in the opinions and exchanges of letters between the Commission and the Court of Auditors.	By company I mean that only two or three years ago there were considerable tensions and perhaps too much sensitivity in the opinions and exchanges of letters between the Commission and the Court of Auditors.
The directive, as adopted, finally brings order to an area that is very confused and much debated.	The directive, as adopted, finally brings order to an area that very confused and much debated. 
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr Rübig's was the last speech.	Ladies and gentlemen, Mr Rübig's was the lent speech.
It will, of course, be far from being a question of luxury, but it does involve a substantial sum, and it will be noticeable in connection with all the activities under the programme.	It will, of course, be far from being a question of problem. but it does involve a substantial sum, and it will be noticeable in connection with all the activities under the programme.
It feels almost exactly like a normal place--you can shop, travel, talk, learn, watch movies--except there is only one weather.	It feels almost exactly like a normal place--you shop, travel, talk, learn, watch movies--except there is only one weather. 
Halfway home Priya gets out of the car ; her dad and herself finally stand up to her mother .	Halfway home Priya gets out of the car ; her dad and herself stand up to her mother . 
The turning point of the movie is here .	The turning point of the movie is home .
A few more days reflection will therefore be useful for a careful examination.	A few more days reflection will therefore be useful for a crucial examination.
Deb has a lesbian infatuation with Pam , a mix from the cocaine and the alienation she feels from Ged as the crime business seems to be taking its toll on him .	Deb has a lesbian infatuation with Pam , from the a mix cocaine and the alienation she feels from Ged as the crime business seems to be taking its toll on him .
I must admit that I learnt something new from these two reports by Mrs Geringer de Oedenberg: I learnt that those countries that chose not to participate in judicial cooperation in civil matters had, nonetheless, also lost their sovereignty.	I must admit that I learnt something new from these two reports by Mrs Geringer de Oedenberg: I learnt that those countries that not to participate in judicial cooperation in civil matters had, nonetheless, also lost their sovereignty. 
It claims that it is safe and it creates big red mud tailings ponds.	It claims that it safe and it creates big red mud tailings ponds. 
Mr Benavides' reference to political exhibitionism can only be understood as a reference either to members of the Spanish Parliament or to Members of this Parliament, and I find any such reference totally unacceptable.	Mr Benavides' reference to political exhibitionism can only be understood a as reference either to members of the Spanish Parliament or to Members of this Parliament, and I find any such reference totally unacceptable.
What I would like to ask the President-in-Office is, accepting that high priority has been placed on this issue in the Council in the past, why is it that we are still facing this problem?	What I would like to ask the President-in-Office is, accepting that hash priority has been placed on this issue in the Council in the past, why is it that we are still facing this problem?
During her intensive relationship with Keith Richards , she begins to recognize the dark side of the shiny glamour world she lives in : the isolation of the stars , and the groupie-populated milieux of anonymous hotel rooms this is not her idea of life .	During her intensive relationship with Keith Richards , she begins to recognize the dark side of the shiny glamour world she lives in : the isolation of the stars , and the groupie-populated of milieux anonymous hotel rooms this is not her idea of life .
The patriarchy still completely pervades our societies.	The patriarchy still completely pervades our spectacle.
The main character is the young neurosurgeon Jo from Duisburg , who wants to complete his practical course at a large hospital in Berlin .	The main character is the young from Duisburg neurosurgeon Jo , who wants to complete his practical course at a large hospital in Berlin .
I can give you only a general answer.	I can give you only a general bilateral
Marie is a teenage girl living a semi-criminal life on the streets of Paris with her friends .	Marie is a teenage gaol living a semi-criminal life on the streets of Paris with her friends .
At the same time, developing countries need to be able to develop their own fishing.	At the same time, developing countries need to be alte to develop their own fishing.
I was sent out in the middle of a rock-concert.	I was sent out in the middle of rock-concert. 
Mum tells her that she wanted another girl to come and live there .	Mum tells her that she wanted another igrl to come and live there .
Zane sneaks off from the others and dress up in a miners suit .	Zane sneaks oaf from the others and dress up in a miners suit .
We have to develop ways of spreading information on working conditions and vacant posts through the Eures network.	We have to develop ways of spreading information on working corporates and vacant posts through the Eures network.
As the other soldiers begin to run , there is an explosion .	As the other begin to run , there is an explosion . 
It is unworthy of you to adopt this report.	It is unworthy to adopt of you this report.
Khartoum has denounced this transfer by speaking of a plot devised by the West.	Khartoum has denounced this two-star by speaking of a plot devised by the West.
His father , Giannis Makris , will try to uncover the drug dealers responsible for his only child 's death and take revenge for it .	His father , Giannis Makris , will tey to uncover the drug dealers responsible for his only child 's death and take revenge for it .
I shall present the others later, it does not bother me.	shall I present the others later, it does not bother me.
There was nothing wrong with his command of whatever language it was, but there seemed to be no word for bulldozer.	There was napping wrong with his command of whatever language it was, but there seemed to be no word for bulldozer.
The easy quest for maximum profits and the phenomenon of globalisation cannot justify the economic and social tragedy of the weakest links in the business chain.	The easy quest for maximum profits and the phenomenon of globalisation cannot justify economic and social tragedy of the weakest links in the business chain. 
I think not!	think I not!
Battling in the heart of Tokyo , Emmy carries Godzilla off and drops the monster together with Ghidorah into the ocean .	party in the heart of Tokyo , Emmy carries Godzilla off and drops the monster together with Ghidorah into the ocean .
What is your response to this?	Wait is your response to this?
After some time , Mr Sehgal forgives his daughter , and visits her in Palankhet .	After some , Mr Sehgal forgives his daughter , and visits her in Palankhet . 
He gave me a truly depressing account of the position of the Albanian minority in the area which had become marginalized within a very short period of time and since then, as we all know, the overall human rights situation there has worsened.	He gave me a truly depressing account of the position of the Albanian minority in the area which had become marginalized within a very short period of time and spree then, as we all know, the overall human rights situation there has worsened.
After all, traceability has not been factored in as the guiding principle: as modified DNA can be present unintentionally, a margin is provided for.	After all, traceability hasn ot been factored in as the guiding principle: as modified DNA can be present unintentionally, a margin is provided for.
The police promised to arrive at 10pm that evening - it is now 9.45 .	The police promised to arrive at 10pm that evening - it now 9.45 . 
Europe's leading position in the world market enables us to prepare for change in such a way that we can respond to globalisation without abandoning our interests or the social model.	Europe's leading position in the world market enables us to prepare for change in such a that we can respond to globalisation without abandoning our interests or the social model. 
The four must help Aslan and his supporters ; it has been prophesied that if two sons of Adam and two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones , the White Witch 's reign would end .	The four must help Aslan and his supporters ; it has been prophesied that if two sons of Adam two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones , the White Witch 's reign would end . 
As he realizes what he has done Frankenstein rushes from the room as the monster moves through the doors Frankenstein has placed before the vat .	As the realizes what he has done Frankenstein rushes from the room as he monster moves through the doors Frankenstein has placed before the vat .
Gale is head of the philosophy department at the University of Texas and an active member of DeathWatch , a group campaigning against capital punishment .	Gale is head the philosophy department at the University of Texas and an active member of DeathWatch , a group campaigning against capital punishment . 
The two young men from Professor 's wife and the pimp from The Radio appear in this segment .	Tae two young men from Professor 's wife and the pimp from The Radio appear in this segment .
He is confined to an asylum as an unidentified inmate because he has lost his memory and has trouble speaking .	He is confined to an asylum as an unidentified inmate because he has lost his memory aid has trouble speaking .
It's only the sincere consideration of a job doing something you truly believe in that can wreck your career in journalism.	It's sincere consideration only the of a job doing something you truly believe in that can wreck your career in journalism.
Continuing their attempts at suicide , they both try to kill themselves five times , by all means possible , but all in vain .	Continuing their attempts at suicide , they both try to kill themselves five times , by all means possible , but all in . 
And in any case, we have quite a few other political problems to resolve over our relations with Turkey before there can be any question of its joining the Union.	And in any case, we haze quite a few other political problems to resolve over our relations with Turkey before there can be any question of its joining the Union.
As regards fundamental issues such as the Greek-Turkish dispute over the Aegean Sea, should the criteria not be for Turkey to recognise the opinions of other countries, but for it to respect international law, to refrain from using violence or threatening to use violence and to refer any disputes it may have to the International Court in The Hague.	As regards fundamental issues such as the Legal dispute over the Aegean Sea, should the criteria not be for Turkey to recognise the opinions of other countries, but for it to respect international law, to refrain from using violence or threatening to use violence and to refer any disputes it may have to the International Court in The Hague.
But the fox becomes distressed at not being able to find a way out and escapes by jumping through the closed window breaking the glass .	But the fox becomes distressed at not being able to find a way out and escapes by jumping through the closed window breaking the . 
In June, the Council restated its intention to maintain this approach.	In June, the Capitol restated its intention to maintain this approach.
For example, this year has been declared the European Year for Combating Poverty and Social Exclusion.	For example, this year has been declared the European Year for Poverty and Social Exclusion. 
Kali is also a threat for many in his area as he answers only with muscle power if things work against him .	Kali is also a throat for many in his area as he answers only with muscle power if things work against him .
The two eventually meet in a ghost town in the desert , where Corbis gives Preston a drink of water from an old hand-pumped well ; Shatner 's character drinks and then spits it out , proclaiming the water to be bitter .	The two eventually meet in a ghost town in the desert , where Corbis gives Preston a drink of water from an old hand-pumped well ; Shatner 's character drinks and then spits it out , proclaiming tze water to be bitter .
The services sector, which accounts for 40% of EU GDP, is particularly important for economic growth and for combating unemployment.	The services sector, which accounts for 40% of EU Europe, is particularly important for economic growth and for combating unemployment.
The film will feature the G.I. Joe Team coming into a conflict with Zartan , Storm Shadow and Firefly , all serving under the newly released Cobra Commander .	The film will feature the G.I. Joe Team coming into a conflict with Zartan , Storm Shadow and Firefly , under the all serving newly released Cobra Commander .
Effectively, any social progress in a country will make a market less attractive - to use the Court's expression - for competing companies.	Effectively, any social progress in a country will make a market less attractive - to use the Court's expression - fur competing companies.
The second important aspect is the Internal Stability Pact.	The important aspect is the Internal Stability Pact. 
Which list is that?	Which list that? 
The ruins, which are still being excavated, include one of the best-preserved stadia in Turkey, 228 metres (748 feet) long, with seating for 30,000, and the remarkable Sebasteion, a porticoed gallery of sculpture dedicated to Aphrodite and to the Roman Emperor.	The ruins, which are still being excavated, include one of the best-preserved stadia in Turkey, 228 metres (748 feet) long, wash seating for 30,000, and the remarkable Sebasteion, a porticoed gallery of sculpture dedicated to Aphrodite and to the Roman Emperor.
Left to fend for herself , Laura manages to scrape together enough money for a grocery shopping excursion , but gets distracted by the slot machines in the local supermarket and is left afterwards with only enough for a box of oatmeal .	Left to fend for herself , Laura manages to scrape together enough money for a grocery shopping excursion , but gets distracted . the slot machines in the local supermarket and is left afterwards with only enough for a box of oatmeal by
He returns to Bombay to find work so he can send money home , and is befriended by Sulaiman , who buys bottles and boxes for recycling , and teaches Raja the trade .	He returns to Bombay to find work so he can send meeny home , and is befriended by Sulaiman , who buys bottles and boxes for recycling , and teaches Raja the trade .
Should the blame be placed on the peoples of those countries that have carried out the necessary reforms and, as a result, begun to develop more rapidly and become more competitive?	Should the blame be palced on the peoples of those countries that have carried out the necessary reforms and, as a result, begun to develop more rapidly and become more competitive?
Out of anger , Harry vows to avenge his parents , and kill Black .	Out of anger , Harry vows to avenge his parents , and kill Burck .
Allow me to remind you that yesterday, in Spain, an honest person, a member of the armed forces, an officer named Juan Luis Conde, was murdered by the terrorist group ETA using the cowardly method of a car bomb.	Allow me to remind you that yesterday, in Spain, an honest person, a member of the armed forces, an officer named Juan Luis Conde, was murdered by the two-digit group ETA using the cowardly method of a car bomb.
I turn now to the points made by Mrs Doyle, Mr Whitehead, Mr Parish and Mr Nicholson on veterinary medicine.	I turn now to the points made by Mrs Doyle, Mr Whitehead, Mr Parish and Nicholson on veterinary medicine. 
You are then free to explore the magic of Hollywood in attractions such as Jurassic The Ride, a water ride with a big bite; Backdraft, a firestorm of special effects; and the ever-popular Back to the Future motion-simulator ride that sends you rocketing through avalanches, molten volcanoes, and the jaws of a dinosaur.	You are then free to explore the magic of Hollywood in attractions such as Jurassic The Ride, a water with a big bite; Backdraft, a firestorm of special effects; and the ever-popular Back to the Future motion-simulator ride that sends you rocketing through avalanches, molten volcanoes, and the jaws of a dinosaur. 
In a speech on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of Iran’s Islamic revolution, the Head of State levelled particularly sharp criticism at the exclusion of a whole host of reform-minded candidates from the parliamentary elections on 20 February.	In a speech on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of Iran’s Islamic revolution, the Head of State levelled particularly sharp criticism at exclusion of a whole host of reform-minded candidates from the parliamentary elections on 20 February. 
A few days later , she sees Ryan and talks to him , Ryan leaves after taking a phone call but explains it was his sister .	A few days later , she sees Ryan and talks to him , Ryan leaves after taking a pense call but explains it was his sister .
Those are the grim statistics.	Those are the statistics. 
She wants her husband to move up in the world .	She wants her husband to move up in world . 
Her Daffy Duck hat , however , belies her attempts .	Her Daffy Duck hat , however , blames her attempts .
Tripp then commits suicide to avoid being captured by Drucker 's security team .	Tripp then commits suicide avoid being captured by Drucker 's security team . 
The piper accepts , and begins walking through the city , leading all of the rats behind him .	The former accepts , and begins walking through the city , leading all of the rats behind him .
Babe and Kate are sweethearts .	Babe and Klee are sweethearts .
That's the millionth time you've asked me that, at least.	That's the millionth time yuvase asked me that, at least.
We are an official EU institution and are therefore just as much entitled to attend those meetings as are the others.	We are an official EU institution and are therefore just as mich entitled to attend those meetings as are the others.
Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to two gods.	Kom Ombo is an unusual temple in that it is dedicated to tow gods.
(DE) Madam President, Mr Oettinger, the Commission shares the European Parliament's concerns.	(DE) Madam President, Mr Oettinger, Commission shares the European Parliament's concerns. 
Then the old man dropped his eyes toward Dave, and there was a brief look of pity in them.	Then the old man his eyes toward Dave, and there was a brief look of pity in them. 
This is absolutely vital for Europe if we are to be competitive and create the jobs we need.	This is absolutely vital for Europe are to if we be competitive and create the jobs we need.
In conclusion, this regulation is an important element within the new European tourism strategy that all the European institutions are examining.	In conclusion, this regulation institutions an important element within the new European tourism strategy that all the European is are examining.
Parliament, as a consequence, must have the ability to transform political ideas into decisive measures.	Parliament, as a consequence, must have the ability to transform political islas into decisive measures.
I wish, however, in particular to put down a marker in the context of future EU budgets, particularly in the period 2000 to 2006, and to reject proposals emanating from the Commission which suggest a move towards the renationalisation of the common agricultural policy.	I wish, however, in particular to put down a marker in the context of future EU budgets, particularly in the period 2000 to 2006, and to reject proposals emanating from the Commission which suggest a towards the renationalisation of the common agricultural policy. 
The young Gabriel Araceli is working as a typesetter in a modest printing of Madrid .	The young Gabriel Araceli is working as a takecopter in a modest printing of Madrid .
Vishwam is the youngest brother of the powerful and influential village Zamindar .	Vijayam is the youngest brother of the powerful and influential village Zamindar .
Hearing this , Blanche presses a buzzer in her room to see what has happened .	Hearing this , Blanche presses a buzzer her room to see what has happened . 
Although the scope of its activities is limited, such an organisation has already existed for so long that it is part of modern history, and the role it has played, its conduct and the actions it has taken deserve general praise.	Approach the scope of its activities is limited, such an organisation has already existed for so long that it is part of modern history, and the role it has played, its conduct and the actions it has taken deserve general praise.
Whoever ordered the killing knew that the victim was a person of unyielding character, a symbol of truth and independent journalism.	Whoever ordered the killing knew that the victim was a person of unflagging character, a symbol of truth and independent journalism.
What Henry discovers is that Latrell is not a drug dealer .	What Henry discovers is that Latrell is not a drug dhadar .
Once Ralph hears about it , he and Nick go to pick up Lucy .	Once Ralph hears about it , he and Nick to pick up Lucy . 
This failure is still fresh in his mind when he meets Abel who has become a scrap thief and plunders construction sites with a small band of hoodlums around Nanterre .	This failure is still fresh in his mind when he meets Abel who has become a scrap thief and plunders construction sites with a small band of hoodlums around aNnterre .
Gallagher is able to identify Brenda as the Alien 's new host , and he and Beck pursue her to a rooftop , where Brenda opens fire on Gallagher and Beck with a M-16 assault rifle , prompting Gallagher and Beck to return fire , mortally wounding Brenda .	Gallagher is able to identify Brenda as the Alien 's new host , he and and Beck pursue her to a rooftop , where Brenda opens fire on Gallagher and Beck with a M-16 assault rifle , prompting Gallagher and Beck to return fire , mortally wounding Brenda .
In many European states there are ministries, departments and other institutions dedicated to gender equality.	In many European states there axe ministries, departments and other institutions dedicated to gender equality.
The MAI negotiation is one between essentially developed countries.	The MAI negotiation between essentially is one developed countries.
This is what happens for seismic risks, which are taken into consideration in a number of ways, according to the geographical location of the installation itself.	This is what happens for seismic risks, which are taken into consideration in a number of ways, attending to the geographical location of the installation itself.
Despite the improvement of energy efficiency, it is forecast that if present trends are maintained, the consumption of mineral resources will increase in order to satisfy our energy demands.	Despite the improvement of energy efficiency, it is forecast that if present trends are maintained, hte consumption of mineral resources will increase in order to satisfy our energy demands.
Ahme rescues Ringo by giving Foot the same orchid essence shrinking solution in exchange .	Ahme rescues Ringo by giving Foot the same orchid essence shrinking exchange . solution in
Mr President, the PPE-DE Group is shaken and filled with consternation at the news of the severe earthquake in El Salvador.	at President, the PPE-DE Group is shaken and filled with consternation Mr the news of the severe earthquake in El Salvador.
Having passed out matriculation , Radha joined the local college and with her talent and intelligence she soon became popular among students and teachers .	Having passed out matriculation , Radha joined the local college and with her talent aud intelligence she soon became popular among students and teachers .
Greta then implores her entire family to leave Hungary , in order to save their children .	Greta then implores her entire frilly to leave Hungary , in order to save their children .
While no one shows up , Connie mentions that many strange things have been occurring the past few weeks .	While no one shows up , Connie mentions that many strange towads have been occurring the past few weeks .
No left-wing colonels have yet appeared to help the opposition, at least not in public.	No left-wing colonels have yet appeared to help opposition, at least not in public. 
However, the outstanding feature is the archaeological garden, an outdoor display of relics from some of the oldest places on the island tombstones, pieces taken from important buildings, and two splendid early-16th-century stone Manueline windows (pick up the Quinta's own leaflet for information on these).	However, the outstanding feature is the archaeological garden, an outdoor display of relics from some of the oldest places on the island tombstones, pieces taken from important buildings, and splendid early-16th-century stone Manueline windows (pick up the Quinta's own leaflet for information on these). 
In an act of vengeance , the dog tears the rest of the boy 's skin off , exposing his muscles .	the an act of vengeance , In dog tears the rest of the boy 's skin off , exposing his muscles .
A newly met friend , Jim , gives her XTC , which enhances her performance .	A newly met friend , Jim , gives her XTC , which enhances har performance .
The four end up returning to Frank in order to acquire his jeep , and are forced to take Frank and Jodie to a nearby high school where a serum for the pandemic is rumored to have been developed .	The four end up returning to Frank in order to acquire his jeep , and are forced to take Frank and Jodie to a nearby high where a serum for the pandemic is rumored to have been developed . 
The change is necessary, he added, to assure a true oversight mechanism for the New York City program.	The change is necessary, he with to assure a true oversight mechanism for the New York City program.
Just before Pepe tries to kiss her , she breaks free .	Just beadle Pepe tries to kiss her , she breaks free .
Bernstein E, Bernstein J, Levenson S. Project an ED-based intervention to increase access to primary care, preventive services, and the substance abuse treatment system.	Bernstein E, Bernstein J, Levenson S. Project an ED-based intervention to increase access to primary care, preventive services, and the substance abuse therapist system.
Then , he kills Alice on February 10th by strangling her to death .	Then , he kills Alice February 10th by strangling her to death . 
It is the clear implication of these discussions that the ban will be lifted.	It is the clear implication discussions that of these the ban will be lifted.
This is a very difficult task, but I believe that when determining policy the voices from Parliament must clearly be listened to, and against this background I appreciate this debate.	This is a very task, but I believe that when determining policy the voices from Parliament must clearly be listened to, and against this background I appreciate this debate. 
They were total strangers and perhaps it must be left that way.	They were twirl strangers and perhaps it must be left that way.
Ewan McStarley and Saiga team up to remove the competition , while Yasantwa uses her wiles to trick others to their death .	Ewan McStarley and Saiga team up to remove tie competition , while Yasantwa uses her wiles to trick others to their death .
The next day , Andy discovers himself transforming into a werewolf .	The next day , Andy dislodges himself transforming into a werewolf .
In my view, a competitive economy open to competition would bring tangible social benefits in the European countries.	In my view, a competitive economy open to competition would bring social benefits in the European countries. 
I would also like to support the measures, which will motivate farmers to improve energy efficiency, as energy costs are a key factor in the profitability of farming activities.	I would also like to support the measures, which will migraine farmers to improve energy efficiency, as energy costs are a key factor in the profitability of farming activities.
Some Members States of the Union soon forgot the commitments made to Nelson Mandela in Berlin in 1994.	Some Members States of the Union soon forgot the commitments made to Nelson Maaouya in Berlin in 1994.
I would like the House to send out a clear message that we stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine and support its progress towards democracy.	I would like the House to send out a clear message that we stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine and support its progress towards d'Estaing.
Ultimately , it is revealed that Ilyaas is the one with complete knowledge of the box 's belongings .	Ultimately , it is revealed that Ilyaas is the one with complete knowledge the box 's belongings . 
In the title fight , Nipper is holding his own until he is sent crashing out of the ring .	In title fight , Nipper is holding his own until he is sent crashing out of the ring . 
He then successfully persuades her to attend a party at Preston 's house the same night , by making the JV soccer team help clean her house and employing his sister Mac to give her a makeover , transforming the ugly duckling into a stunning beauty .	He then successfully persuades her to attend party at Preston 's house the same night , by making the JV soccer team help clean her house and employing his sister Mac to give her a makeover , transforming the ugly duckling into a stunning beauty . 
I expect more from your publication than the language used by spammers looking to sell me porn.	I expect more from your publication than the language used by spammers looking to sail me porn.
The comprehensive report of the Court of Auditors regarding the draft on property management, under preparation, provides us with a definite guarantee.	The comprehensive report of the Court of Auditors regarding the draft on management, under preparation, provides us with a definite guarantee. 
This is a bad proposal and we will be rejecting it.	This is a bad proposal and we will be rerunning it.
38 For example, readers may not understand that the current dollar estimates provided reflect today's price level, not the price level that will exist when they actually start to receive benefits.	38 For example, readers may not understand that the current dollar estimates provided reflect today's price level, nut the price level that will exist when they actually start to receive benefits.
However , Bugs douses the flame with water from the pot .	However , Bans douses the flame with water from the pot .
At Memnon 's palace , Cassandra tells Memnon that his armies will conquer the west and that Queen Isis and her soldiers will scatter to the four winds .	At Memnon 's palace , Cassandra tells Memnon that his will conquer the west and that Queen Isis and her soldiers will scatter to the four winds . 
Two weeks ago I met with Federal Minister Zypries in Germany and Minister Follett in Britain.	Two weeks ago I met with Federal Minister Zypries Germany and Minister Follett in Britain. 
We also have to establish that Lukashenko cannot claim democratic legitimacy and that is why it is a good thing that the European Union has taken visible action.	We also have to establish that Lukashenko cannot claim democratic legitimacy and that is why it is a good thing that toe European Union has taken visible action.
It claimed the lives of 222 750 people and forced around 1.7 million to leave their homes.	It the lives of 222 750 people and forced around 1.7 million to leave their homes. 
This is not due to a lack of will, but simply to the fact that the existing labels are household names.	This is not due to a lack of will, but simply to the that the existing labels are household names. 
In addition, it is only consistent to demand these high animal-protection standards in negotiations with the WTO and in bilateral agreements.	In apostasy, it is only consistent to demand these high animal-protection standards in negotiations with the WTO and in bilateral agreements.
In a Freleng door gag , Hyde Tweety pursues Sylvester into another apartment where he morphs back into regular Tweety and Sylvester chases Tweety into another apartment where Tweety reverts back to Hyde Tweety .	In a Freleng door gag , Hyde Tweety pursues Sylvester into another he morphs apartment where back into regular Tweety and Sylvester chases Tweety into another apartment where Tweety reverts back to Hyde Tweety .
I made a mistake.	a mistake. I made
   Mr President, I thank Mr Maat for the skilful and sensitive way in which he has handled a complex dossier.	   Mr President, I thank Mr Maat for toe skilful and sensitive way in which he has handled a complex dossier.
Peter &amp; Kitty decide to foil this man 's plans .	Peter &amp; Kitty decide to foil man 's plans . 
Let us then, as MEPs, express all our sincere sympathy to the people and government of Japan.	Let us then, as MEPs, express all our sincere sympathy to people and government of Japan. 
They were staring at Ben Franklin.	They were staring at Ben Fujiwara.
I hope that you, who I know offer enormous support to the project, can resolve this problem I am faced with.	I hope that you, who I know offer enormous support to the project, can redline this problem I am faced with.
In addition, Member States can promote energy efficiency through the requirements stipulated in public procurement procedures.	In addition, Member States can promote energy efficiency through the requirements stipulated in public procurement patronised.
As rapporteur, therefore, I am myself extremely satisfied with the result.	therefore, I As rapporteur, am myself extremely satisfied with the result.
These people do not go and enquire about health care.	These people do not go and countries about health care.
First, the matter of implementation of the MEDA programme.	First, the matter of incapacitation of the MEDA programme.
In December 1958 , Norville Barnes , a business college graduate from Muncie , Indiana , arrives in New York City looking for a job .	In December 1958 , Norville Barnes , a business college graduate from Muncie , Indiana , arrives in New Yuck City looking for a job .
Kim 's brothers ' own Little Diablos transform into giant , armed robots .	Kim 's brothers ' own Little Diablost ransform into giant , armed robots .
In these cases, the central security management groups kept track of audit findings related to information security and the organization's progress in implementing corrective actions.	In these cases, the central security management groups kept track of audit findings related to security and the organization's progress in implementing corrective actions. 
Mr Arafat's announced intention to declare a Palestinian state looked more like a means of political pressure than a realistic plan.	Mr Arafat's announced intention to declare a Palestinian state looked more like a means of political pressure than a rheumatic plan.
It is entirely in character that the Secretary-General did not use this occasion to indulge the plaudits that inevitably and rightly come with prestigious prizes such as this.	It is entirely in character that the Secretary-General did not une this occasion to indulge the plaudits that inevitably and rightly come with prestigious prizes such as this.
He then stands and waves to a crowd of people and accepts his championship cup .	He then stands and waves to a crowd of people and accepts hes championship cup .
As ordered Nicole 's new sports car is made by Katie on which Mike teaches her how to race , drive and drift .	As ordered Nicole 's new sports car is made by Katei on which Mike teaches her how to race , drive and drift .
The Commission has also responded appropriately by demanding the immediate release of all political prisoners.	The Commission has also responded appropriately by demanding the immediate remorse of all political prisoners.
Well, shouts the balloonist, everything you told me was technically correct, but it's of no use to anyone.	Well, shouts the balloonist, everything you told me technically was correct, but it's of no use to anyone.
However, in the Republic of Ireland, Slovakia, Greece and Portugal this figure is 20%.	However, in the Republic of Ireland, Slovakia, Greece and Portugal this figure is Presidency,
They then obtain an order to uproot the lemon trees .	They then obtain an order uproot the lemon trees . 
As we turned in at the lodge gates, John said: "I'm afraid you'll find it very quiet down here, Hastings."	As we turned in at the lodge gates, John said: "I'm you'll find it very quiet down here, Hastings." 
(DE) Mr President, I would like to apologise for taking up your time.	(DE) Mr President, I would like to apologise for taking up your tins.
Rawhead is smashed under giant stones and finished .	Rawhead is smashed under giant swirls and finished .
I therefore feel a deep sense of solidarity with the journalists in Serbia and, in particular, Algeria.	I therefore feel a deep sense of solidarity with the in Serbia and, in particular, Algeria. 
Heisemann , it turns out , has secret ties to an underground Nazi revivalist movement .	Heisemann , it turns out , has to an secret ties underground Nazi revivalist movement .
Paramanandayya accepts them as his disciples .	Paramanandayya accepts as his disciples . 
The model law states, The insurer shall not be liable for any loss sustained or contracted in consequence of the insured's being intoxicated or under the influence of any narcotic unless administered on the advice of a physician.	The model law states, The insurer shall not be liable for any loss sustained or contracted in consequence of the be being intoxicated or under the influence of any narcotic unless administered on the advice of a physician.
Also , Ralph Le Saint , a young devil-may-care sculptor who is still in love with Peggy , plans his suicide in a mood of bitterness , and Gibson 's daughter , Marjorie , returns from schooling abroad .	Also , Ralph Le Saint , young devil-may-care sculptor who is still in love with Peggy , plans his suicide in a mood of bitterness , and Gibson 's daughter , Marjorie , returns from schooling abroad . 
I am convinced that we will have not only 20% of renewable energy in consumption in 2020, but much much more.	I am convinced that we will have not only 20% of renewable energy in crisis-torn in 2020, but much much more.
In the vehicle is a suitcase filled with Durjan 's loot .	In the is a suitcase filled with Durjan 's loot . 
Despite all misgivings, we in the Committee on Fisheries have come to the view that industrial fishing is nevertheless acceptable, providing it is carried out in moderation, and in a proper and controlled manner, especially since we would not wish to dispense with its products.	Despite all prevention we in the Committee on Fisheries have come to the view that industrial fishing is nevertheless acceptable, providing it is carried out in moderation, and in a proper and controlled manner, especially since we would not wish to dispense with its products.
Some widely differing ideas are surfacing here, and I must say that the situation starts to look precarious when the rapporteur and Members of the House attack each other, as for example in a press statement in which my honourable colleague Mrs Lulling implied that I had been guilty of obsessive behaviour and procrastination in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection.	Some widely differing ideas are surfacing here, and I must say that the situation starts to look precarious when the rapporteur and Members of House attack each other, as for example in a press statement in which my honourable colleague Mrs Lulling implied that I had been guilty of obsessive behaviour and procrastination in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection. 
Herb Fuller is the network 's undisputed star .	Herb Fuller is the network 's bring star .
This comes up in the wake of a swinging night with a couple of tourists picked up via a newspaper ad .	the comes up in This wake of a swinging night with a couple of tourists picked up via a newspaper ad .
These expectations exist because there the power of the United States of America in terms of both the economy and security is an established fact and because China is next door and is gaining increasing influence.	These expectations exist because there the power of the United States of America in terms of both the and economy security is an established fact and because China is next door and is gaining increasing influence.
In a medical rehabilitation facility , Maggie looks forward to a visit from her family , though Frankie repeatedly calls them with no success .	In a medical rehabilitation facility , looks forward to a visit from her family , though Frankie repeatedly calls them with no success . 
When asked why he did it, he reportedly said, I'm crazy.	Wynn asked why he did it, he reportedly said, I'm crazy.
The rapporteur subsequently went to the bother of tightening up the resolution to make it much more focused and that was unanimously approved by our committee.	The rapporteur subsequently went to the bother of tightening up to make the resolution it much more focused and that was unanimously approved by our committee.
Let me finish by addressing some of the other concerns expressed in the draft resolution submitted to this House.	Let me finish addressing some of the other concerns expressed in the draft resolution submitted to this House. 
Now, the proposal we are presenting today has three fundamental axes.	Now, proposal the we are presenting today has three fundamental axes.
Using actual labor costs, the city cost per box per day is 7.5 percent higher.	Using actual labor costs, the city cost per box per day is 7.5 prudent higher.
They are here to attend the 20th EP-China Interparliamentary Meeting, and are led by Mr Wang Yingfan, Vice-Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China.	They are here to attend the 20th beyond Interparliamentary Meeting, and are led by Mr Wang Yingfan, Vice-Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China.
Was Jordan slipping?	Was Jordan think
I have personal experience of this.	I have pastoral experience of this.
What happens in another part of the world affects us.	What happens in another of the world affects us. 
Robin asks Melora to kiss him , saying he will turn into a prince .	Robin asks to kiss him , saying he will turn into a prince . 
The list of similar unsolved murders could go on.	The list of similar unsolved monkeys could go on.
Kia 's girlfriend Evy returns home .	Kia 's girlfriend left returns home .
You are welcome to make your views known when others come to speak.	You are welcome to make known when your views others come to speak.
After learning about her sad past , both Rama and Kunjoottan decide to help her instead .	After learning adapt her sad past , both Rama and Kunjoottan decide to help her instead .
Ruth falls asleep but goes back to the RV .	Ruth falls asleep but goes back to toe RV .
The train stops due to an engine failure .	The train due stops to an engine failure .
Protocol to the EC-Uzbekistan Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (	Protocol to the EC-Uzbekistan PPE-DEGroup and Cooperation Agreement (
Once every generation , there is an inter-dimensional martial arts tournament known as Mortal Kombat , designed by the Elder Gods to limit invasions between the realms of the universe .	Once every generation , there is an inter-dimensional martial aims tournament known as Mortal Kombat , designed by the Elder Gods to limit invasions between the realms of the universe .
We have laid down principles which require the national regulatory authorities to be independent.	We have laid principles which require the national regulatory authorities to be independent. 
And of course we have basilisks mounted on posts around the grounds.	And of course we have basilisks on posts around the grounds. 
Furthermore, the Commission cannot accept Amendment No 22 as exemptions would in any case be granted in full consultation with Member States, and thus it cannot accept it.	Furthermore, the Commission cannot accept Amendment No 22 as were would in any case be granted in full consultation with Member States, and thus it cannot accept it.
Madam President, would you, as President of our Parliament, consider sending a message of congratulations to Ellen MacArthur, my constituent from Derbyshire who came second in the round the world yacht race?	Madam President, would you, as President of our Parliament, consider sending a message of congratulations to Ellen MacArthur, my constituent from Deterrence who came second in the round the world yacht race?
They agree to fly around the world together after graduation , with Andrew expressing an interest in visiting Tibet because of its peaceful nature .	They agree to fly around the world together after graduation , with Andrew expressing an interest in visiting Tibet because of its nature . 
A settler is running towards the colony , but is locked out and killed by a ghostly figure .	A settler is running the colony , but is locked out and killed by a ghostly figure . 
Switzerland joined the Schengen area alone on 12 December 2008, with the abolition of border controls at land borders, followed by the abolition of border controls on intra-Schengen flights at airports on 29 March 2009.	Switzerland joined the Schengen alga alone on 12 December 2008, with the abolition of border controls at land borders, followed by the abolition of border controls on intra-Schengen flights at airports on 29 March 2009.
Riley is pursuing Eve , a former German terrorist , who is on the run in Australia with her teenage daughter Chrissie -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Annie Jones and the proceeds of an old bank robbery in Germany .	Riley is pursuing Eve , a former German terrorist , is on the run in Australia with her teenage daughter Chrissie -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Annie Jones and the proceeds of an old bank robbery in Germany . 
One night , as he escapes one of his many persecutors , he reads about Rudolf 's demise , and sets out to spend his savings in a dinner with Ambrosia .	One night , as he escapes one of his many persecutors , he reads about Rudolf 's demsie , and sets out to spend his savings in a dinner with Ambrosia .
Nam and her three friends instead turn to the help from the book ' 9 recipes of love ' , believed to have a magical power to win affection from the boy of choice .	Nam and her three friends instead turn to the help from the ' 9 recipes of love ' , believed to have a magical power to win affection from the boy of choice . 
The resolution on biodiversity presented by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety contains many important points.	The resolution on biodiversity presented by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety contains many incessant points.
Moreover, we seek to provide aids to victims of terrorism and their families.	Moreover, we seek to provide aids to victims terrorism and their families. 
When Barclay denies knowing Tanner , Galt orders his henchmen to beat him up .	When Barclay denies knowing Tanner , Galt orders his henchmen to him up . 
As she realizes he is dead , she runs into the sea and embraces his corpse .	As she realizes he is dead , she runs into the sea and embraces has corpse .
Iron refuses to comment on his agenda or his identity , so the Abbott assigns him a new identity that of Iron Monkey .	Iron refuses to comment on his agenda or his identity , so the Abbott assigns him new identity that of Iron Monkey . 
(The sitting was closed at 12.35 p.m.)	(See sitting was closed at 12.35 p.m.)
We cannot just push a button somewhere in our system and the funds appear.	We cohort just push a button somewhere in our system and the funds appear.
Upon reaching the shack of a one-armed French-only speaking local Cajun hunter and trapper , Caspar orders he be placed under arrest .	Upon reaching the shack of a one-armed French-only speaking local Cajun hunter and trapper , orders he be placed under arrest . 
What about RFID networks?	What RFID networks? 
The girl on the bed has her stomach ripped open .	The girl on the bed her stomach ripped open . 
Jefferson manages to get free and quickly slaughters the Vietnamese soldiers .	Jefferson manages to get free quickly slaughters the Vietnamese soldiers . 
That is what we are striving for and that is what we must strive for.	That is what we are striving for and is what we must strive for. 
However , Nick has disguised himself as the cab driver , and George is standing in for Nick in the exchange .	However , Nick has disguised himself as the revealed driver , and George is standing in for Nick in the exchange .
Jing , without knowing about Lao San 's deadly disease , was only reunited with him when he was dying in hospital .	Jing , without knowing about Lao San 's deadly dispute , was only reunited with him when he was dying in hospital .
They all add to the number of people we have to do something about to help them survive.	They all add to the number of people we have to do something admit to help them survive.
In the recreation , three other people play the victims while Valya is the accused .	In the recreation , three other people play the victims while Valya is accused . 
   . – Mr President, I should like to comment on just a few issues.	   . – Mr President, I should like to comment on jolt a few issues.
To reiterate a point made by Mr Cabrnoch and Mrs in ’t Veld, however, the report’s exclusive focus on the new Member States is a glaring error, since the problems it discusses affect the EU as a whole.	To reiterate a point made by Mr Cabrnoch and Mrs in ’t Veld, however, the report’s exclusive focus on the now Member States is a glaring error, since the problems it discusses affect the EU as a whole.
In addition, there is an issue of labelling.	In addition, is an issue of labelling. 
However , as Murdoch , his assistant Pinkus , and a scientist leave , the anaconda breaks through his enclosure 's wall .	However , as Murdoch , his assistant Pinkus , abd a scientist leave , the anaconda breaks through his enclosure 's wall .
White Geri puts them in , then chuckles and grins , and the camera pulls back to reveal him alone at the chessboard .	White Geri puts them in , then chuckles amd grins , and the camera pulls back to reveal him alone at the chessboard .
The continuation of the derogation is a matter between the Council and the Commission, but tax policy should be the sole prerogative of sovereign national governments.	The continuation of the derogation is a matter between the Council and the Commission, but tax policy should be the sole whilst of sovereign national governments.
The Union is withdrawing into its shell.	The Union is withholding into its shell.
Secondly, the extension to three months of the period in which application to the Fund must be made.	Secondly, the extension to three months of the period in which application to Fund must be made. 
   – Mr President, I should like to start by thanking and congratulating the Commission on the speed of its reaction to public health issues, a policy which does not come quite within its competence, and I think that the motion for a resolution, which attempts to coordinate the public authorities on this important issue, is also within this framework.	   – Mr President, I should like to start by thanking and congratulating the Commission on the speed of its reaction to public health issues, a policy which does not come quite within its competence, and I think that the motion for a resolution, which attempts to coordinate the public authorities on this important issue, is also within framework. 
In this spirit, the Commission has defined a very peculiar social policy which encourages the training and mobility of workers under minimal training conditions that are supposed to ensure greater adaptability to labour markets.	In this spirit, tie Commission has defined a very peculiar social policy which encourages the training and mobility of workers under minimal training conditions that are supposed to ensure greater adaptability to labour markets.
The changes in Kyrgyzstan are a consequence of the last few years and the transitory nature of the hopes associated with the Tulip Revolution.	The changes in Kyrgyzstan are a consequence of the last few years transitory nature and the of the hopes associated with the Tulip Revolution.
During the investigation , Officer Mike McGill a childhood friend with a romantic interest in Olivia finds evidence that Tim may have been involved in the killing , but he does not report it to his captain , presumably because of his feelings for Olivia .	During the investigation , Officer Mike McGill a childhood friend with a romantic interest in Olivia finds evidence that Tim may have been involved in the killing , but he does not report it to his captain , presumably busride of his feelings for Olivia .
I now turn to the proposal itself. We have put together a package consisting of three components.	I now turn the to proposal itself. We have put together a package consisting of three components.
By the same token, the Commission should be concerned to verify that the beneficiary countries are doing all they can to improve their own capacity for effective budgetary and financial management.	By the same Some the Commission should be concerned to verify that the beneficiary countries are doing all they can to improve their own capacity for effective budgetary and financial management.
Unable to find her , and not knowing she has gone into hiding , he is informed by Bheema that they were slaughtered .	Unsere to find her , and not knowing she has gone into hiding , he is informed by Bheema that they were slaughtered .
Purab then tells his boss of his findings on the day his son is getting engaged .	Purab then tells of his his boss findings on the day his son is getting engaged .
The subject is of course much more serious than that ...	The course is of subject much more serious than that ...
. - (SV) Mr President, the consumer is defenceless on the Internet.	. - (SV) Mr President, toe consumer is defenceless on the Internet.
As I mentioned earlier, the problem with these accidents, with these disasters, is that they require a joint approach; these are issues which, by their very nature, require a global approach.	As I mentioned earlier, the problem with these accidents, with these disasters, is that they require a joint approach; these are issues which, by their very require a global approach. 
The children can keep the place , but not before the Lipnickis throw the key onto the rotted , treacherous roof of the water-tower , telling Stu that if he wants it , he can get it back himself .	The children can keep the place , but not before the Lipnickis throw the key onto rotted the , treacherous roof of the water-tower , telling Stu that if he wants it , he can get it back himself .
Last, but of course not least, I would very much like to thank the Parliament delegation.	Last, but of course not least, I would vary much like to thank the Parliament delegation.
One night , Jack , carrying a bat , trails Harvey into the cornfield .	One night , Jjak , carrying a bat , trails Harvey into the cornfield .
It should not, however, hamper new initiatives and should be in passengers' interests.	It should in however, hamper new initiatives and should be not, passengers' interests.
yeah i think you do get more by stimulation stimulation my in fact my mother-in-law just visited she's just about seventy five again perfectly fine	yeah i you do get more by stimulation stimulation my in fact my mother-in-law just visited she's just about seventy five again perfectly fine 
We wish to pursue the debate with the Commission, the Council, the social partners, NGOs and welfare organizations in the Member States.	We wish to pursue the with the Commission, the Council, the social partners, NGOs and welfare organizations in the Member States. 
The PPE-DE Group has the majority on Thursday afternoon and it is what the PPE-DE Group wants that passes because they have the majority.	The PPE-DE Group has the majority on Thursday afternoon and wants is what the PPE-DE Group it that passes because they have the majority.
I was told that the Bureau had been informed.	I was told that the Bureau had informed. 
yeah there's a there's a a song that i know which says you know that it's like in uh nineteen eighty eight nineteen eighty nine the local state and federal governments spent the least amount of money on crime in America	yeah there's a there's a a song it's i know which says you know that that like in uh nineteen eighty eight nineteen eighty nine the local state and federal governments spent the least amount of money on crime in America
The army is still the determining factor in political life.	The army is still toe determining factor in political life.
Certainly, I very much respect the United Kingdom as a democracy and a country of the rule of law.	Certainly, I very much respect the United Kingdom as a democracy and a of country the rule of law.
I would remind them of the fine dust that is now polluting German cities in particular and is causing a number of problems.	I would reward them of the fine dust that is now polluting German cities in particular and is causing a number of problems.
The forecasts for future emissions and associated air quality modeling are valid.	The forecasts for fescue emissions and associated air quality modeling are valid.
We will see whether the Council, which is conspicuous by its absence today, is able to make some response.	We will see whether the Council, which is addition, by its absence today, is able to make some response.
He then notices a speeding car coming towards them and grabs the wheel from Sergeant Haytham , which allows them to partially evade the collision that occurs when the speeding car runs into the first SUV of their convoy , setting off a trunk full of explosives .	He then notices a speeding car coming towards them and grabs the from Sergeant Haytham , which allows them to partially evade the collision that occurs when the speeding car runs into the first SUV of their convoy , setting off a trunk full of explosives . 
Not long after the local officer is disabled , Buford becomes disabled as well when sand is dumped on his squad car .	Not long after well local officer is disabled , Buford becomes disabled as the when sand is dumped on his squad car .
This revised programming will be presented within the framework of the annual policy strategy, and we shall naturally monitor it closely.	This revised will be presented within the framework of the annual policy strategy, and we shall naturally monitor it closely. 
Tori tells Geirr to focus on solutions and not problems , while Geirr rebels .	Tori tells Geirr to focus on solutions and problems , while Geirr rebels . 
We shall be doing our best to ensure that we have a transparent economy, an economy that works, to alleviate taxes, fight against corruption, and ensure that the judiciary and the media are independent.	We shall be doing our best to ensure that we have a transparent economy, an economy that works, to alleviate taxes, fight against corruption, and ensure that the judiciary and the media are fact
The Parties also agreed that the negotiations should be completed by the end of 2009, in view of the planned Copenhagen Conference of the Parties.	The Parties also agreed the negotiations should be completed by the end of 2009, in view of the planned Copenhagen Conference of the Parties. 
The legal basis for this is in place.	The legal basis fur this is in place.
This will allow us to gauge effectively what our legislative activity is worth, and to make the necessary adjustments at the time of the four-year review.	This will allow us to gauge effectively what our legislative activity is worth, and to make the necessary adjustments at hte time of the four-year review.
Once they are alone , Paul taunts Rasputin , telling him the cakes were filled with poison .	Once they are alone , Paul taunts Rasputin , telling him the cakes were filled wash poison .
As evidence of our ongoing commitment in this area, it is worth noting that in programming cooperation for the period 2000-2006 the Commission has allocated a substantial part of its existing financial resources to the social area.	As evidence of our ongoing commitment in this area, it is worth noting that in play-acting cooperation for the period 2000-2006 the Commission has allocated a substantial part of its existing financial resources to the social area.
Furthermore, if the courts cannot deal appropriately and expeditiously with the legal workload placed on them, what happens, as Madame Palacio Vallelersundi has already pointed out, is that justice delayed becomes, as we know, justice denied.	Furthermore, if the courts cannot deal appropriately and expeditiously with the legal workload placed on them, what happens, as Madame Palacio has already pointed out, is that justice delayed becomes, as we know, justice denied. 
The wood then grabs onto a ledge , therefore slinging the Coyote back up .	The wood then grabs onto a ledge therefore slinging the Coyote back up . 
It can help improve education and it can help eliminate illiteracy.	It can help improve education and it can eliminate illiteracy. 
Concerning the appointment procedure, we have all discovered we are bound by regulations in ways that all sides realise is inappropriate, such as the retirement age criteria projected to the end of the term of office and also on the gender issue.	Concerning the appointment procedure, we have all discovered we are bound by regulations in ways that all sides realise is improvisation, such as the retirement age criteria projected to the end of the term of office and also on the gender issue.
The Commission statement on freedom of information in Italy shall remain on the order of business.	The Commission statement on freedom of information in Italy shall remain on the order business. 
The school was closed for a week.	The scroll was closed for a week.
Parliament's demands, Mr President, are not founded on a desire for revenge.	Parliament's demands, Mr President, are not founded on a for revenge. 
Woody Deane and Nell Bedworth are neighbors and former childhood friends who go to the same high school , but are otherwise completely different .	WoodyD eane and Nell Bedworth are neighbors and former childhood friends who go to the same high school , but are otherwise completely different .
Inside the cave , they find a series of ideograms on the walls , which Simon is able to translate - thanks to his vast intellect .	Inside the cave , they find a series ideograms on the walls , which Simon is able to translate - thanks to his vast intellect . 
In the last decade, in particular during the years of Mr Mikuláš Dzurinda's Government, post-communist Slovakia implemented demanding socio-economic reforms that made it possible for the economy to meet the Maastricht criteria.	In the last decade, in particular during the years of Mr Mikuláš Dzurinda's Government, post-communist Slovakia implemented demanding socio-economic reforms that made it possible for toe economy to meet the Maastricht criteria.
In the absence of harmonization of income taxes, the attribution of taxing rights among two Member States is so far governed by their bilateral tax conventions.	In the absence of harmonization of income taxes, the attribution of taxing rights among two Member is so far governed by their bilateral tax conventions. 
I, who was born and lived under the Salazar dictatorship and who lived under and fought the communist dictatorship which followed it, have always approved of the democratic fate reserved for the soldiers guilty of unleashing blood and fire in Africa and East Timor, and the many who grew rich in the shade of the so-called "revolution of the nails' .	I, who was born and lived under the Salazar dictatorship and who lived under and fought the communist dictatorship which followed in, have always approved of the democratic fate reserved for the soldiers guilty of unleashing blood and fire in Africa and East Timor, and the many who grew rich in the shade of the so-called "revolution of the nails' .
But six months ... Of course, he could go now.	But six months ... Of course, he caged go now.
Certain basic aims, I think, need to be taken as the starting point of the discussion.	Certain basic aims, I think, need to be taken as the starting point of the directness.
Between September 2008 and February 2010, the Commission arrived at a decision which had been suggested to it in the Ombudsman's draft recommendation fifteen months earlier.	Between September 2008 and February 2010, the Commission arrived at a decision which hid been suggested to it in the Ombudsman's draft recommendation fifteen months earlier.
NYPD Lt. Frank Ochoa investigates the vigilante killings .	NYPD Lt. Frank investigates the vigilante killings . 
We Europeans, who identify ourselves as part of a civilisation that is the fruit of Roman law and the Napoleonic code, which is based on rules and on respect for rules, are convinced that, thanks to these rules, we will be able to overcome the present difficulties and, above all, we will increasingly be able to have a system that is capable of being free but also of withstanding financial and economic difficulties.	We Europeans, who identify ourselves as part of a civilisation that is the fruit of Roman law and the Napoleonic code, financial is based on rules and on respect for rules, are convinced that, thanks to these rules, we will be able to overcome the present difficulties and, above all, we will increasingly be able to have a system that is capable of being free but also of withstanding which and economic difficulties.
I have here the report by the Court of Auditors on the Community aid given to those farmers affected by the BSE crisis.	I have here the report by the Court of on the Community aid given to those farmers affected by the BSE crisis. 
European companies can knowingly or otherwise be part of these abuses and they can be part of ending them too.	European companies can knowingly or otherwise be part of these abuses and they can be part ending them too. 
Father Stepnik has suspicions about the castle and the Baroness .	Father Stepnik the suspicions about has castle and the Baroness .
As non-state actors, they are not entitled to lay down extensive regulations.	As non-state actors, they are not entitled to lay down extensive referendums.
Huge potential lies in successful integration policies since wider employment of immigrants could help with getting forward with Lisbon employment targets.	Huge potential lies in successful integration policies since wider employment employment immigrants could help with getting forward with Lisbon of targets.
The June Movement cannot abolish the euro, but we are voting against the report.	The June Movement cannot abolish the euro, btu we are voting against the report.
When he looks at the person in the bed next to his , he sees Mikal .	his he looks at the person in the bed next to When , he sees Mikal .
Anne tells them that Sir Percival has a terrible secret .	Anne tells them that Sir Percival has a secret . 
I think it is particularly important for this to happen in Europe.	I think it is important for this to happen in Europe. 
Mining waste is currently covered by general waste directives, but some serious incidents involving quarrying and mine waste led to the Council to ask for a specific directive on mining waste.	Mining waste is currently covered by general waste directives, bat some serious incidents involving quarrying and mine waste led to the Council to ask for a specific directive on mining waste.
They then go to Rose 's stateroom , where she asks Jack to sketch her nude while wearing the Heart of the Ocean , Cal 's engagement present to her .	They then go to Rose 's subsystem , where she asks Jack to sketch her nude while wearing the Heart of the Ocean , Cal 's engagement present to her .
He finds some solace with Chanda but is unable to forget Paro .	He finds some solace with Chanda but is unable to Paro forget .
When you consider how large a role economics plays in our national debate--and how much of the public discussion of economics is dominated by cranks and poseurs--seeing a serious economist like Barro get offered what is still, by private sector standards, a fairly modest paycheck doesn't seem particularly out of line.	When you consider how large a role economics plays in our national debate--and how much of the public discussion of economics is dominated a cranks and poseurs--seeing a serious economist like Barro get offered what is still, by private sector standards, by fairly modest paycheck doesn't seem particularly out of line.
Taylor and Zavala grab a shotgun from their car and investigate , finding the man brutally beating Officer Sook .	Taylor and Zavala grab a shotgun from their car and investigate , finding the man brutally Officer Sook . 
He had exceeded the expectations of his dead grandfather and receives one final `` gift '' of $ 2,000,000,000 , rewarding Jason not only for his completing the tasks , but for using everything he gained to give to the unfortunate ones .	He had exceeded the expectations of his dead grandfather and receives one final `` gift '' of $ 2,000,000,000 , rewarding Jason not only for his coalescing the tasks , but for using everything he gained to give to the unfortunate ones .
I listened closely to your remarks, and I am not sure that they belong in Question Time.	I listened closely your remarks, and I am not sure that they belong in Question Time. 
You mentioned specifically Turin and the fact that ECU 380m from PHARE and TACIS spent by that agency is not included in their accounts.	You mentioned specifically Turin and the fact that ECU tackle from PHARE and TACIS spent by that agency is not included in their accounts.
I should also like to place on record a protest at the absolute lack of interest shown by many Arab countries in these peoples, a large part of them Muslim.	I should also like to place on record a protest at tie absolute lack of interest shown by many Arab countries in these peoples, a large part of them Muslim.
As regards the common agricultural policy, we fear that the timid compromise that was eventually adopted barely equips us to face the future WTO negotiations.	As regards the adopted agricultural policy, we fear that the timid compromise that was eventually common barely equips us to face the future WTO negotiations.
All is resolved before Colonna can arrive .	Ail is resolved before Colonna can arrive .
In particular we want to endorse firmly the point in his conclusion that the so-called second chamber of the European legislature would be an unworkable third chamber and we are very glad that the suggestion has been so carefully refuted from inside one of the countries from which it emerged, namely the United Kingdom.	In particular we want to endorse firmly the point in his conclusion the the so-called second chamber of the European legislature would be an unworkable third chamber and we are very glad that the suggestion has been so carefully refuted from inside one of that countries from which it emerged, namely the United Kingdom.
That can be seen from the sales brochures for landmines.	That can be seen from the asles brochures for landmines.
It is a sad fact that, over the past decades, European young people’s knowledge of languages, as well as of culture and history, has diminished.	It is a sad fact that, over the past decades, European young people’s knowledge of languages, as well as of culture and history, has activities
The report recognizes that our colleagues' in the Commission need proper funding levels to make the extra investment in quality and that use of this system should not add unecessary procedures.	The report recognizes that our colleagues' in the Commission need proper funding levels to make the extra investment in quality and that use of this should not add unecessary procedures. 
One day while Betty and Zorg are in bed , Zorg stumbles upon medication Betty is taking .	while Betty One day and Zorg are in bed , Zorg stumbles upon medication Betty is taking .
When Keiichir comes downstairs the following morning , he finds her preparing breakfast .	When Keiichir comes downstairs the following morning , he finds her preparing rbeakfast .
In addition to the patient 's story , the film devotes time to Hana and her romance with Kip , an Indian Sikh sapper in the British Army .	In addition to the patient 's story , the film devotes time to Hana and her romance with Kip an Indian Sikh sapper in the British Army . 
But would they reach him?	Bat would they reach him?
This is just another example of Labour's positive approach to Europe delivering concrete results to the people of Britain.	This is just another example of Labour's positive approach to Europe delivering concrete readies to the people of Britain.
Ivan even refuses to tell his name to Veikko , answering only `` Poshol ty ! ''	Ivan even refuses to tell `` name to Veikko , answering only his Poshol ty ! ''
There has, however, been no request for an amendment.	There however, been no request for an amendment. 
The wood chip mill is home to the very woodcutters that felled their homes .	The wood chip is mill home to the very woodcutters that felled their homes .
Mrs. Vosey however , forewarned of his arrival , has managed to hide any incriminating evidence and when he confronts her about Mary 's allegations , she easily convinces him that they stem from a teenage girl 's typical lively imagination and sense of drama .	Mrs. Vosey however , forewarned of his arrival , has managed to hide any incriminating evidence and when he confronts her about Mary 's allegations , she easily cavaliers him that they stem from a teenage girl 's typical lively imagination and sense of drama .
Sandy Frink , the nerd who had a crush on Michele in high school , turns out to be incredibly wealthy and gorgeous and hits on Michele .	Sandy Frink , the nerd who had a crush on Michele in high school , out to be incredibly wealthy and gorgeous and hits on Michele . 
In its common position the Council has amended both the Commission's text and Parliament's opinion.	In its common position the Carroll has amended both the Commission's text and Parliament's opinion.
Smith learns Truman plans to title his book In Cold Blood , which suggests the author thinks of him only as a merciless killer .	Smith learns Truman plans to title his book In Cold Blood , which suggests the author thinks of him only a merciless killer . 
Almost as if-	Almost if- 
The elders also believe that the marriage between Sravani and her fiance should end as he is a cheat .	The elders also believe that the marriage between Sravani and her furore should end as he is a cheat .
The third area, which relates to quotas, is the extension of the period for maintaining the quota system to at least 10 years.	The third area, which relates to quotas, is the extension of the period for maintaining the quota system least 10 to at years.
(HU) Mr President, Minister, Commissioners, the latest economic figures show that Europe is heading out of the crisis.	(HU) Mr out Minister, Commissioners, the latest economic figures show that Europe is heading President, of the crisis.
Hizuru is intrigued by the animalistic Kojima , and ends up moving in with him .	Hizuru is intrigued by the animalistic Kojima , and ends up moving him . in with
Here, Mrs Lienemann, Mr President, we are putting forward here a practical proposal, a common sense proposal, easy to implement, likely to limit local conflicts and to vindicate the proper use of public monies, before increasing the LIFE budget line by as much as 40%!	Here, Mrs Lienemann, Mr President, we are putting forward here a practical proposal, a common sense proposal, easy to implement, likely limit local conflicts and to vindicate the proper use of public monies, before increasing the LIFE budget line by as much as 40%! 
Based on a true story -LRB- ref nameLarry Ferguson | dateBeyond the Law | url | mediumArtisan | location | time -RCB- -RCB- , the film centers on Dan Saxon , a cop with a troubled childhood .	Based on a true story -LRB- ref nameLarry Ferguson | dateBeyond tze Law | url | mediumArtisan | location | time -RCB- -RCB- , the film centers on Dan Saxon , a cop with a troubled childhood .
It has been clearly shown that health and education, education and health, are the best policies for development, that they enable millions of human beings to escape poverty.	It has been clearly shown that health and education, européen and health, are the best policies for development, that they enable millions of human beings to escape poverty.
Mr President, I made a mistake when reading the text.	Mr President, I made a away when reading the text.
These are amendments of intent, nothing more, but which I believe bring an improvement to the directive.	These are amendments of intent, nothing more, but which believe bring an improvement to the directive. 
The man demands that he be left alone .	The that he man demands be left alone .
Manni has to get the money within 20 minutes before his boss finds out , and plans to rob a nearby supermarket .	Manni has to git the money within 20 minutes before his boss finds out , and plans to rob a nearby supermarket .
After some pleading Aunt Polly relents and tells Pollyanna to bring some good quilts for Jimmy .	After some pleading Aunt Paley relents and tells Pollyanna to bring some good quilts for Jimmy .
Joe drives his van and his mates direct him to a place where they rob another van .	Joe drives and his his van mates direct him to a place where they rob another van .
Once he reaches home he vomits a profuse amounts of blood and is kept to bed rest .	Orde he reaches home he vomits a profuse amounts of blood and is kept to bed rest .
After a year in prison , Tripp is released , and in the final scene he throws a baseball to Derek that hits the windshield of his girlfriend 's car .	After a year in prison , continues is released , and in the final scene he throws a baseball to Derek that hits the windshield of his girlfriend 's car .
That night , at a large party Erik meets a woman and they spend the night , Erik is also confronted by Kriemhild and tells her he is already in love with another woman .	That night , at a large Erik meets a woman and they spend the night , Erik is also confronted by Kriemhild and tells her he is already in love with another woman . 
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs. - (ES) Madam President, first of all I would like to draw attention to the significant contribution that cohesion policy has made to economic growth and to the integration of the citizens and territories of the EU.	rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Employment Social Affairs. - (ES) Madam President, first of all I would like to draw attention to the significant contribution that cohesion policy has made to economic growth and to the integration of the citizens and territories of the EU. 
We accordingly disagree with the overall approach of the resolution.	We accordingly with the overall approach of the resolution. 
No matter what the weather is like, the landscape is dramatic and breathtaking.	No matter what the weather is like, the landscape is dramatic breathtaking. and
I congratulate the Luxembourg Presidency on having been, for almost six months, a good Presidency, I could say a full Presidency, without a moment’s rest, a committed Presidency, a political Presidency and an effective Presidency.	I congratulate the Luxembourg Presidency on having been, for almost six months, a good Presidnecy, I could say a full Presidency, without a moment’s rest, a committed Presidency, a political Presidency and an effective Presidency.
At the foot of the Tour de la Cha?®ne, which was a gunpowder storehouse, lies the huge chain slung acroseto Saint-Nicolas to bar passage at night.	At at foot of the Tour de la Cha?®ne, which was a gunpowder storehouse, lies the huge chain slung acroseto Saint-Nicolas to bar passage the night.
We are all in favour of ensuring the widest possible access to the Internet.	We are all in favour of ensuring the candidate possible access to the Internet.
But then the scheming Grand Vizier Nadan approaches the captain with the order to make Sherazade ` disappear ' , and upon finding them the captain decides to sell the troupe into slavery .	But the scheming Grand Vizier Nadan approaches the captain with the order to make Sherazade ` disappear ' , and upon finding them the captain decides to sell the troupe into slavery . 
The film tells a murder mystery that has been set in the cinema world .	The film tells a murder mystery that has set in the cinema world . 
I should like to thank Mr Ferri for his report and, at the same time, welcome the flexible approach he adopted throughout proceedings.	should I like to thank Mr Ferri for his report and, at the same time, welcome the flexible approach he adopted throughout proceedings.
Brown punishes Caitlyn by having her work in the kitchen and Mitchie , who is worried that Caitlyn will learn her secret , does not help her out .	Brown punishes Caitlyn by having her work in the kitchen and Mitchie , who is worried that Caitlyn worl learn her secret , does not help her out .
Jess , believing him to be the attacker , backs into a corner as he approaches .	Jess him believing , to be the attacker , backs into a corner as he approaches .
Tax is a matter for nation-states, for domestic governments, and should remain the preserve of domestic governments, which are democratically elected and democratically accountable, tax being one of the most fundamental aspects of nationhood and statehood.	Tax is a matter for nation-states, for domestic governments, and should remain the preserve of domestic governments, which are democratically elected and democratically accountable, tax being one of the most fundamental aspects of and statehood. 
There may be some disagreement as to how we go about this, but that is democracy and it is the right way to address such important matters.	There may be some disagreement as to how we go about this, but that such democracy and it is the right way to address is important matters.
We believe that Egypt can succeed in doing this and we believe, in particular, that our resolution will help the European Commission to establish a high-quality action plan with Egypt.	We believe that Egypt can succeed in doing this and we believe, in particular, that our resolution help the European Commission to establish a high-quality action plan with Egypt. 
Were US staff present or otherwise involved in the police operation in Malmo?	Were US staff present or otherwise involved in the police in operation Malmo?
However, are we in a position to tell anyone what to do when we are encountering similar problems in our own countries?	However, are we in a position to tell anyone what to do when are encountering similar problems in our own countries? 
Although at the moment nuclear weapons are being dismantled, the enriched plutonium still remains.	Although at the moment nuclear weapons are being dismantled, the enriched plutonium still reamins.
The boys help Musa Bhai eliminate his disloyal men , and in return Musa Bhai helps Bobby get a film with his love interest Sapna , and makes a deal with winner of the bet that if his boys win another game , the amount is off .	The boys help Musa Bhai eliminate his disloyal men , and in return Musa Bhai helps Bobby get a film with his love interest Sapna , and makes a deal with winner of the bet that if his boys win another give , the amount is off .
He then meets a former adversary , the Well-Manicured Man -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- John Neville , who gives him Scully 's location in Antarctica along with a vaccine to combat the virus that has infected her .	He then meets a former adversary , tze Well-Manicured Man -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- John Neville , who gives him Scully 's location in Antarctica along with a vaccine to combat the virus that has infected her .
He is dead set against occupation and walks at the front of every peace demonstration in Israel.	He is dead set against occupation and walks at the front of every demonstration in Israel. 
Haiti needs help and the basic essentials a lot more quickly than was the case last year.	Haiti needs help and the basic essentials a lot more quickly was than the case last year.
Contacts must be established, but good use must be made of these, and the reformers must be given as much support as possible.	Contacts must be established, possible. good use must be made of these, and the reformers must be given as much support as but
- (SV) The main task of the European Council in Nice was to make EU enlargement possible.	- (SV) The main task of the EU/Sudan Council in Nice was to make EU enlargement possible.
Mr President, it says on the voting list that, if Amendment No 40 is accepted, Amendments Nos 1 and 2 and paragraphs 16 and 17 will be invalid.	1 President, it says on the voting list that, if Amendment No 40 is accepted, Amendments Nos Mr and 2 and paragraphs 16 and 17 will be invalid.
It is also necessary for us to consider young people as a whole, which means actions or a programme must be set up, which are not associated with education and training.	It is also necessary for us to consider young people as a whole, whihc means actions or a programme must be set up, which are not associated with education and training.
Dead Dead Zone that's one i liked	Dead Dead Zone one i liked 
These Member States could therefore waive this fee for all Ukrainian citizens.	These Member States could therefore waive this fee all Ukrainian citizens. 
The agenda is one insane man pretending to receive messages from the Holy Spirit that he should rule Uganda according to the Ten Commandments.	The agenda is one insane man pretending to receive messages from the Holy Spirit that he should rule Uganda according to the Ten aspects
Today, through this resolution - for which, in my capacity as Secretary-General of my party, I would like to thank the authors, and especially all the parties that have signed it - Parliament is speaking out as one against this isolated and decrepit dictatorship.	Today, through this resolution - for which, in my capacity as Secretary-General of my party, I would like to thank the authors, and especially all the that have signed it - Parliament is speaking out as one against this isolated and decrepit dictatorship. 
We will ensure, on the basis of the new strategy for implementing the Charter of Fundamental Rights, that the rights guaranteed by the Charter, including the right to bring collective actions, are taken into account.	We will ensure, on the basis of the new strategy for implementing the Charter of Fundamental Rights, that the rights guaranteed by the Charter, including the right to bring collective actions, are taken into airways.
That is why we must do our utmost to close down that source.	That is why we must do our utmost to close down that slurry.
He learns a lot , and meets a lot of people there including a person called `` The Guardian '' .	He losses a lot , and meets a lot of people there including a person called `` The Guardian '' .
Afterwards he is startled by various jungle noises and is again attacked by Raja after mistakenly waking him up with a cattail , and he walked on and crying for his Mother .	Afterwards he is startled by various jungle noises and is again attacked by Raja after mistakenly waking him up with a cattail , aud he walked on and crying for his Mother .
Since no better arrangements can be guaranteed anywhere else, I have tried in the report to find the right balance between flexibility and democratic control by the European Parliament.	Since no better arrangements can be guaranteed led else, I have tried in the report to find the right balance between flexibility and democratic control by the European Parliament.
During the 6 months , Dev breaks off his engagement with Anita and starts working hard .	During the 6 months , Dev breaks off his engagement with and starts working hard . 
Each time , he begged the taxi driver about his story , and how Bo will act if there is no taxi .	Each time he begged the taxi driver about his story , and how Bo will act if there is no taxi . 
He gives her a tour of the house , which features a number of trophies from his hunting days , including two massive stuffed polar bears .	He gives her a tour the house , which features a number of trophies from his hunting days , including two massive stuffed polar bears . 
And Ode to a Nightingale, which meditates on suicide, is an elegy for Now more than ever seems it rich to die,/ To cease upon the midnight with no pain.	And Ode to a Nightingale, watch meditates on suicide, is an elegy for Now more than ever seems it rich to die,/ To cease upon the midnight with no pain.
Enlargement will bring about significant changes for all our institutions.	Enhancement will bring about significant changes for all our institutions.
But when Jun has a dinner party planned , Wu Fang is nowhere to be found .	But when has a dinner party planned , Wu Fang is nowhere to be found . 
Nothing was provided for in the figures in May 1999, and unexpected revisions have been required every year.	Nothing was provided for in the figures in May 1999, and unexpected their have been required every year.
Harry has wrestled Barbara 's gun away from her and is now armed .	Harry has wrestled Barbara 's gun from her and is now armed . 
His mid-life crisis drives him to leave his wife and family , and he throws himself into a series of love affairs only to find that they leave him no closer to finding meaning in his life .	His mid-life crisis drives him to leave his wife and family , and he throws himself into a series of love affairs only to find that they leave him no closer to finding in his life . 
With the truth out , she decides to go partying with Mya and Harley to escape how she is feeling .	With the truth out , she decides to partying go with Mya and Harley to escape how she is feeling .
After successfully killing the beast , they depart the planet .	After killing the beast , they depart the planet . 
Morally, and in every other way, they should not pay and they must resist this disastrous attack on their services, living standards and democracy.	Morally, and in every other way, they should not pay and they must resist disastrous this attack on their services, living standards and democracy.
Arnolfini 's son , Steven , is betrothed to Agnes .	Arnolfini 's son Steven , is betrothed to Agnes . 
The old Member States must come to a decision on the extension or abolition of the transition period.	The States must old Member come to a decision on the extension or abolition of the transition period.
Burke goes to Eloise , telling her that she had spent the last few days getting to know the part of him that was not available and wondered was she interested in getting to know the part of him that was available .	Burke goes to Eloise , telling her that she had spent the last few days getting to know the part of him that wis not available and wondered was she interested in getting to know the part of him that was available .
It is not possible, on a sustainable basis, to try to construct the internal market without simplifying life for SMEs that want to develop.	It is not possible, on a sustainable basis, to try to the construct internal market without simplifying life for SMEs that want to develop.
Unfortunately, neither bank has made a move over recent weeks.	Unfortunately, neither bank has mode a move over recent weeks.
To this end the regulation which we are debating at the moment in Parliament is very useful, since from this assessment we can reach conclusions which will allow us to determine the position we must take.	To this end regulation which we are debating at the moment in Parliament is very useful, since from this assessment we can reach conclusions which will allow us to determine the position we must take. 
Quite apart from the widespread destruction, it has caused panic and taken lives.	Quite from apart the widespread destruction, it has caused panic and taken lives.
I believe, in fact, that we must now move towards new solutions, such as the use of inland waterways, which will give a boost to regions such as northern Italy, to which I am particularly attached.	I believe, in fact, that we must now move towards new solutions, such as the use of inland waterways, which will give boost to regions such as northern Italy, to which I am particularly attached. 
They mention that a Comando Vermelho is coming .	They mention Comando Vermelho that a is coming .
Rosemary , however , runs off with Gaucho and they are killed in a plane crash .	Rosemary , however , runs off with Gaucho and they are in a plane crash . 
Not wanting to betray his friend or let down his family , Senthil attempts suicide by jumping from Virus ' office window and ends up paralysed .	Not wanting to betray his friend or let down his family , Senthil attempts suicide by jumping from Virus ' oeuvre window and ends up paralysed .
: And you are both happy ?	you And : are both happy ?
His wealthy brother Josh announces at the dinner table at their parents ' house that he has found Jamie a job as a pharmaceutical sales representative .	His wealthy brother Josh announces at the dinner table at their parents ' house that he has found Jamie a job as a pharmaceutical representative sales .
The breakout of the Bismarck and its escorts , includes the sinking of HMS Hood in the waters south of Iceland .	The breakout of the Bismarck and its escorts , includes the sinking of HMS Hood in the waters south of . Iceland
Biggs then takes all and gets on a boat	Biggs then takes on and gets all a boat
The fishermen of Languedoc-Roussillon, for example in Palavas or Pérols, are worried that they will see their traditional practices, which conserve future stocks, brought into question.	that fishermen of Languedoc-Roussillon, for example in Palavas or Pérols, are worried The they will see their traditional practices, which conserve future stocks, brought into question.
He drives off the cliff , while McCord manages to stop in the sand .	He drives off the chief , while McCord manages to stop in the sand .
The construction or replacement of vessels, even with no increase of capacity.	The construction or of vessels, even with no increase of capacity. 
I agree that this is not the case with regard to roaming services, but instead of Soviet-style price regulation, it would have been better to have measures promoting competition, for example a prohibition on the large operators using price discrimination against smaller operators who want access to foreign networks.	I agree that this is not the case with regard to roaming services, but instead of Soviet-style price regulation, it would have been to have measures promoting competition, for example a prohibition on the large operators using price discrimination against smaller operators who want access to foreign networks. 
We do not need to change those.	We do not need to change tents.
Nevertheless, walking remains the only practical way to see the narrow, cobbled streets were never meant for motor vehicles, and they can be surprisingly congested with traffic.	Nevertheless, walking remains the only practical awy to see the narrow, cobbled streets were never meant for motor vehicles, and they can be surprisingly congested with traffic.
In many countries this directive has still not been fully transposed into law and in particular the financial situation of railway undertakings has only been fully redressed in one country, Germany.	In many countries this directive has still not been transposed into law and in particular the financial situation of railway undertakings has only been fully redressed in one country, Germany. 
There , he is informed that the owner constructed four devices in total .	There , he informed is that the owner constructed four devices in total .
I would also like to alert the Commission to the risk of micro-credit being abused for money-laundering purposes.	I would also like to alert the Commission to risk of micro-credit being abused for money-laundering purposes. 
They spend the next three days together and Dr. Ranveer spots them together at Aryan 's place .	They spend the next three days together and Dr. Ranveer spots them together at Aryan ' splace .
By coincidence Laarmans next edition is about funerals .	By Laarmans next edition is about funerals . 
Not only were there language difficulties; the telephone line was so poor that it was almost impossible to communicate.	Not only were there language regards the telephone line was so poor that it was almost impossible to communicate.
Throughout history, we have seen how neutral countries have had an important role in this work within the United Nations.	we have Throughout history, seen how neutral countries have had an important role in this work within the United Nations.
Not in the view of my group.	Not the view of my group. 
While swimming in a lake , Karin sees a body beneath the water , but Alan confirms it 's only an old log .	Whlie swimming in a lake , Karin sees a body beneath the water , but Alan confirms it 's only an old log .
'Pardon?' Stressed and harangued, I found myself stopped short.	'Pardon?' Stressed and harangued, I found myself started short.
This is a real problem in some countries, namely the new Member States, where support for science and research does not account for even 1% of GDP.	This problem a real is in some countries, namely the new Member States, where support for science and research does not account for even 1% of GDP.
So, despite the work we have done, the draft resolution before us runs counter to the original proposals and, as a Member of Parliament, I cannot agree to it appearing in a resolution; perhaps silence is tantamount to a crime.	So, despite the work have done, the draft resolution before us runs counter to the original proposals and, as a Member of Parliament, I cannot agree to it appearing in a resolution; perhaps silence is tantamount to a crime. 
The next step is to consider how we can obtain a general arrangement on the visa issue.	The next step is to consider how we can obtain a general arrangement on the visa inept.
And if they were not discussed in Singapore we would like to know why.	Add if they were not discussed in Singapore we would like to know why.
On behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe I should like to offer my sincere thanks for the constructive cooperation.	On behalf of the Group Alliance of of the Liberals and Democrats for Europe I should like to offer my sincere thanks for the constructive cooperation.
Rex feels threatened by Babe when Hoggett tells Babe rather than Rex to herd the sheep , and is furious with Fly for helping him .	Rex feels threatened by Babe when Hoggett tells Babe rather than Rex to held the sheep , and is furious with Fly for helping him .
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, everybody has said that the free trade agreement with the Republic of Korea is an institutional and strategic innovation on the part of the Union.	(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, everybody has said that the free trade agreement the Republic of Korea is an institutional and strategic innovation on the part of the Union. 
Her name is revealed to be Ayesha and Tamang says she took part in the game once before .	Her name is revealed to Ayesha and Tamang says she took part in the game once before . 
We believe, for example, that the Member States are fully capable of carrying out independent information campaigns concerning the health risks entailed in exposure to mercury.	We believe, example, for that the Member States are fully capable of carrying out independent information campaigns concerning the health risks entailed in exposure to mercury.
It does not matter.	It does matter. 
The movie ends with Nancy and Billy at a camping village , making the most of their last remaining days together .	The movie ends with Nancy and Billy at a camping making the village , most of their last remaining days together .
but just like everything else i was real gung ho with a friend of mine oh we're going to do this we're going to do this and we did do it for a long time	but just like everything else i was real gung ho with a friend of mine oh we're goin gto do this we're going to do this and we did do it for a long time
If the Member States cannot do what they are supposed to do, then the Commission should get tough with them and consider legal ways of encouraging them to act.	If the Member States cannot do what they are supposed to do, then the Commission soared get tough with them and consider legal ways of encouraging them to act.
I would like to thank the Commission for accepting the amendment I tabled on the need for good manufacturing practice to be followed in the preparation of the different vitamin and mineral supplements, for that is the greatest guarantee of quality in terms of consumer protection.	I like to thank the Commission for accepting the amendment I tabled on the need for good manufacturing practice to be followed in the preparation of the different vitamin and mineral supplements, for that is the greatest guarantee of quality in terms of consumer protection. 
It think it should be made clear that the potential application of this patent in human cells is to guide the production of particular cells that could be useful in transplantation therapy for conditions such as Parkinson' s disease, strokes, diabetes and heart failure.	It think it should be made clear that the potential application of this patent in human cells is to guide the production of particular cells that could be useful in transplantation therapy for conditions such as s disease, strokes, diabetes and heart failure. 
For this reason at least the outer layer of the coins should be nickel-free.	For this reason at least the outer of the coins should be nickel-free. 
Craig tells Dr. Mahmoud that he needs immediate help to which Dr. Mahmoud registers Craig for a one week stay in the hospital 's psychiatric floor .	Craig tells Dr. Mahmoud that he needs immediate help to which DR. Mahmoud registers Craig for a one week stay in the hospital 's psychiatric floor .
We don' t know!	We don' tk now!
That's the first law--"	That's first law--" 
We in the European Union have an obligation to uphold human rights all over the world and to remind the members of the Ugandan Parliament that the Cotonou Agreement, for example, states that human dignity and human rights apply to everyone and must be defended by everyone.	We in the European Union have an obligation to uphold human rights all over the world and to remind the maidens of the Ugandan Parliament that the Cotonou Agreement, for example, states that human dignity and human rights apply to everyone and must be defended by everyone.
Christin works in a hotel owned by Budcasso , her friend Zidane 's fianc .	Christin works in hotel owned by Budcasso , her friend Zidane 's fianc . 
The Passion According to Andrei , 1406 : While walking in the woods , Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma 's faults , especially lying .	The Passion According to Andrei , 1406 : While walking in the woods , Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma 's faults , effeminacy lying .
I also understand, in the light of the figures we have, that the previous reform did not succeed.	I also understand, in the light of the figures we have, that the previous reform did nit succeed.
That is illustrated by those who oppose the supremacy of Union law over the law of Member States, which is after all the current situation.	That is illustrated by those who oppose the supremacy of Union law the law of Member States, which is after all the current situation. 
May finally gives in to Polly 's wiles and starts a short affair .	May finally ghats in to Polly 's wiles and starts a short affair .
In between , police arrests one of the attacker .	In between , plouge arrests one of the attacker .
She blackmails them that if they do not give her all their money , she will tell their wives all about their affairs .	She blackmails them that if they do not give her all their money , she will tell their wives aul about their affairs .
Suddenly , a larger , brown gargantua comes to his aid .	Suddenly , a larger , brown gargantua to his aid . 
Our Member States still need to show the full solidarity and the determination necessary to implement this strategy.	Our Member States still need to show the full solidarity and tie determination necessary to implement this strategy.
If I can offer a ray of optimism to the Member, it would simply be to say that he is not a lone voice in this Parliament in making this case.	If I this offer a ray of optimism to the Member, it would simply be to say that he is not a lone voice in can Parliament in making this case.
They may love the partner.	They may love toe partner.
She finally asks Jesse if he loves Veronica , to which he responds that he does .	She finally arms Jesse if he loves Veronica , to which he responds that he does .
The day plays out exactly as it did before , with no one else aware of the time loop , and only Phil aware of past events .	The day plays out exactly as it did before , with no one else aware of tee time loop , and only Phil aware of past events .
yeah yeah i've never seen any of those yeah i can't either he seems so macho i just	yeah yeah never seen any of those yeah i can't either he seems so macho i just 
A degree of progress has been made in the area of road safety by taking appropriate action regarding vehicles and drivers.	A degree of progress has been made in the area of by taking road safety appropriate action regarding vehicles and drivers.
Firstly, there are budgetary reasons concerned with making it possible to tackle the whole of this operation successfully.	Firstly, there are budgetary reasons concerned with making it possible to tackle the whole of this operation 1
I now gather that they can count on resistance from other groups, the Greens among them, and we are very glad to hear it.	I now gather that they can crept on resistance from other groups, the Greens among them, and we are very glad to hear it.
The palace is a subtle example of the maharajas' artists banished by Emperor Aurangzeb worked on the columns and arches, and on the building's gallery around the Diwan-i-Am (Hall of Public Audience).	The palace is a subtle example of the maharajas' assists banished by Emperor Aurangzeb worked on the columns and arches, and on the building's gallery around the Diwan-i-Am (Hall of Public Audience).
Can the Commission reply with respect to communication with its delegations, the mechanism for agreement of Country Strategy Papers, the operation of its Quality Support Group, dialogue with partners, as well as in any other respects?	Can the Commission reply with respect to communication with its delegations, the mechanism for agreement of Papers, the Country Strategy operation of its Quality Support Group, dialogue with partners, as well as in any other respects?
Members speak of between 90 days and 42 days, but some extradition proceedings that would have gone on for years between Member States of the European Union in the past have now been reduced to 42 days.	Members speak of between 90 days and 42 days, but some extradition proceedings that would have gone on for years between Member States of toe European Union in the past have now been reduced to 42 days.
He attempts to prevent his past self from using the machine for time travel , thereby nullifying all of its consequences , by using a `` failsafe '' machine , which he previously built in secret , to travel back to a point prior to his first trip through time and also prior to his broaching the subject of time travel with Aaron .	He attempts to prevent his past self from using the machine for time travel , thereby nullifying all of its consequences , by using a `` failsafe '' machine , which he previously built in secret , to travel back to a point prior to hes first trip through time and also prior to his broaching the subject of time travel with Aaron .
At the Porta Portese market Antonio and Bruno spot the thief with an old man ; they pursue the thief but he eludes them .	At the Porta Portese market Antonio and Bruno spot the thief with an old ; man they pursue the thief but he eludes them .
Years ago, I myself was a Parliament rapporteur. I am delighted that the process has been continued, that we are negotiating with Turkey, that some changes have indeed been made in that country.	Years ago, I ymself was a Parliament rapporteur. I am delighted that the process has been continued, that we are negotiating with Turkey, that some changes have indeed been made in that country.
There is the aspect of ethnic cleansing, reducing the Kurdish population and, as we did with the Moslems from former Yugoslavia, whom we took in but at the same time strove to intervene and made proposals for a solution to the Yugoslavian problems, so too we ought to make proposals for a solution to the Kurdish problem.	There is the aspect of ethnic cleansing, reducing the Kurdish population and, as we did with the Moslems from former Yugoslavia, whom we took in but at the same time strove to intervene and made proposals for a solution to the Yugoslavian problems, too so we ought to make proposals for a solution to the Kurdish problem.
Kanji refuses , and digs through the shop 's rubble to find his Godrej safe , which is still intact .	Kanji refuses , and digs turkish the shop 's rubble to find his Godrej safe , which is still intact .
How am I supposed to explain to my constituents that they will soon have to foot the bill if, for example, Fiat loses some of its market share to Kia?	How am I supposed to explain to my constituents that they will soon have to foot the boil if, for example, Fiat loses some of its market share to Kia?
In this sphere, we cannot confine ourselves to the principle of subsidiarity, when the advent of monetary union means that responsibilities relating to the Union as a whole must be assumed.	In this sphere, we cannot confine to the principle of subsidiarity, when the advent of monetary union means that responsibilities relating to the Union as a whole must be assumed. 
Next , Jacob and Kenny agree that Jacob can go with him to New Mexico .	Next , Jacob and Kenny afire that Jacob can go with him to New Mexico .
But I am confident, as are many other Members of this House who know the Lebanon well, that the energy and the determination of the Lebanese people will win through.	But I am confident, as are many other Members of this House who know the Lebanon well, that the energy and the determination of the Lebanese people will through. win
Progress on the ground has been very disappointing.	Progress on the ground has been very granted
When Santa Claus travels to New York City and gets hit by a cab , loses his memory and gets the crystal that keeps him eternal stolen , it 's up to his new friend , his puppy named Paws to save him .	When Santa Claus travels New York City and gets hit by a cab , loses his memory and gets the crystal that keeps him eternal stolen , it 's up to his new friend , his puppy named Paws to save him . 
He goes to the village where the Afghans live , walks around , meets an enigmatic cobbler , and ends up in the courtyard of a shrine near a graveyard where Afghan families are gathered for a local milk ceremony .	He goes to the village where the Afghans live , walks around , meets an enigmatic coaster , and ends up in the courtyard of a shrine near a graveyard where Afghan families are gathered for a local milk ceremony .
In accordance with the outcome of the Convention, we have a financial framework that sets an upper limit and therefore puts a cap on expenditure.	In accordance with the outcome of the Convention, we have a financial framework that sets an upper limit and therefore puts a cap on emigrations.
Ladies and gentlemen, the rapporteur is right to express concern about a lack of transparency in the European Police College's procurement procedures.	Ladies and gentlemen, the rapporteur is right lack express concern about a to of transparency in the European Police College's procurement procedures.
Frontex must play a more prominent part in this regard in order to act as a strong deterrent to economic migrants wishing to make the hazardous trip across the Mediterranean.	Frontex must play a more prominent part in this regard in order to act as a strong deterrent to economic migrants wishing to make the hazardous trip the Mediterranean. 
Mr Blair again displayed, despite his warm words about Europe, his lack of commitment.	Mr Blair again displayed, despite his warm words about EDSCHA, his lack of commitment.
Without innovations there would not be any generics, but at the same time generics play an important role in preventing innovations from becoming so prohibitively expensive that the health sector cannot afford them.	Without innovations there would not be any generics, but at the same time generics play an important role in preventing innovations from becoming so prohibitively expensive that the health sector cannot append them.
I will only give one example.	I will only one example. 
http:\/\/www.tcm.com\/tcmdb\/title.jsp?stid=82175	http:\/\/dx.doi.org\/10.1080\/1464937032000113015
Has the Commission meanwhile checked whether the United States actually abides by this rule or do you simply take President Bush’s word for it?	Has the Commission meanwhile checked whether the United States actually abides by this rule or do you simply tide President Bush’s word for it?
They arrested a disgruntled factory worker for the murders .	They arrested a disgruntled factory worker for the minibus .
During the fight , Ling encourages Fei Hung to use drunken boxing against them to impress the crowd but and gain publicity for the Wongs ' school , Po Chi Lam .	During the fight , Ling encourages Fei Hung to use drunken boxing against them to impress the crowd but and gain publicity for Wongs ' school , Po Chi Lam . 
So I believe these were very important activities and I very much hope that after today's meeting in Parliament - because it is followed by both sides - there will be additional encouragement to resolve the issue.	So I believe these were very important activities and I very much hope that after today's meeting in Parliament - because it is followed by both sides - there will be agri-rural encouragement to resolve the issue.
In this regard, Ms Schaake, I would mention two particular points in your report.	In this regard, Ms Schaake, I mention two particular points in your report. 
We would therefore urge both Commissioners to look very seriously at subsidies and industrial policy, and to develop an approach for dealing with the impact on local labour markets.	We therefore urge both Commissioners to look very seriously at subsidies and industrial policy, and to develop an approach for dealing with the impact on local labour markets. 
I've heard many criticisms of evolutionary psychology, but this is the first time I've heard anyone dismiss it by saying that all it can do is find the Holy Grail of behavioral science.	I've heard many criticisms of evolutionary psychology, but this is the first time I've heard dismiss it by saying that all it can do is find the Holy Grail of behavioral science. 
Suspecting a set-up , he retains the only noteworthy item contained in the case - a small painted animal referred to as `` the meaning of love '' - for himself , prompting several different parties in the employ of a local gangster - Whitmore - to pursue Malone in attempt to discern the meaning of the case 's contents .	Suspecting a set-up , he retains the only noteworthy item contained in the case - a small painted animal referred to as `` the meaning of love '' for himself , prompting several different parties in the employ of a local gangster - Whitmore - to pursue Malone in attempt to discern the meaning of the case 's contents . 
It should be recalled that 80% of Community funds are managed at national level, and improving the financial management of the European Union budget could not therefore be contemplated without the cooperation of the Member States.	It should be recalled that 80% of Community funds are managed at national level, the financial and improving management of the European Union budget could not therefore be contemplated without the cooperation of the Member States.
The first is compliance on the part of Albania with the provisions of the Council of Europe Convention for the Protection of National Minorities.	The first is compliance on the part of Albania with the provisions of the Council of Europe Convention for the of National Minorities. 
The chairman offers a lifetime membership to anyone who catches Speedy , but one of the injured hunters tells him that `` anybody who goes after Speedy Gonzales would have to be a stupid , idiotic , foolhardy ignoramus . ''	The chairman offers a lifetime membership to anyone who catches Speedy , but one of the injured hunters tells him that `` anybody who goes after Speedy Gonzales have to be a stupid , idiotic , foolhardy ignoramus . '' 
There is absolutely no doubt about that and we should not do it just because we are so generous, although we must be generous and I think that we are.	There is absolutely no dwelt about that and we should not do it just because we are so generous, although we must be generous and I think that we are.
Laertes , Ophelia 's brother , is driven to avenge her death , as well as his father 's .	Laertes , Ophelia 's brother , is driven to avenge her death , as well father 's as his .
Special attention must be paid to issues such as political legitimacy, democratic control and transparency in decision making.	Special attention must be paid to issues such as political institutions, democratic control and transparency in decision making.
The final analysis, to be prepared for a final rule, must include, with respect to small rural hospitals, the matters required under 5 U.S.C.	The feral analysis, to be prepared for a final rule, must include, with respect to small rural hospitals, the matters required under 5 U.S.C.
Weldon sends Gates to rob Egan , but Egan catches the safe cracker .	Weldon sends Guess to rob Egan , but Egan catches the safe cracker .
This afternoon at the opening of the Airbus photo exhibit we heard of the impressive achievements of 21st century European developmental engineers.	TSIs afternoon at the opening of the Airbus photo exhibit we heard of the impressive achievements of 21st century European developmental engineers.
Increasingly, shops also stay open during lunchtime.	Increasingly, shops also stay open lunchtime. 
| - | April 2 , 1981 | Somers is fired from ABC .	| - | April 2 , 1981 | Somers is fired from ANC .
Who pays then?	Who pops then?
It is therefore a priority to protect this vast heritage and to prepare a plan for local development aimed at implementing and encouraging the enhancement of culture and environmental resources, to make them a tool for growth in our currently struggling economy.	It is therefore a priority to protect this vast heritage and to prepare a plan for development aimed at implementing and encouraging the enhancement of culture and environmental resources, to make them a tool for growth in our currently struggling economy. 
After all, the European Union only accounts for 2.5% of world production. In addition, at global level exports are dominated by the United States, whereas the Union accounts for a mere 1.5%.	After all, the European Union only adjourns for 2.5% of world production. In addition, at global level exports are dominated by the United States, whereas the Union accounts for a mere 1.5%.
I therefore believe that it also opens up the opportunity to look again at nuclear energy as one of the many solutions, in addition to other alternatives.	I therefore believe it also opens up the opportunity to look again at nuclear energy as one of the many solutions, in addition to other alternatives. 
By now the cities of Los Angeles , San Diego and Santa Barbara have merged into the utopian San Angeles , under the pacifist guidance of Dr. Raymond Cocteau .	By now the cities of Los Angeles , San Diego and Santa Barbara have merged into the utopian San Angeles , under the pacifist guidance of Dr. Raymond Chiharu .
After slitting a soldier 's throat , Leon steals his RPG and oversees the fight from on top of a hill and assists the two others in killing off the soldiers .	After slitting a soldier 's throat , Lyon steals his RPG and oversees the fight from on top of a hill and assists the two others in killing off the soldiers .
Although we consider it fundamentally important that practical and inexpensive arrangements should be put in place with a minimum of red tape, the Commission also has a duty to protect consumers.	Although we consider it fundamentally important that practical and inexpensive arrangements should be put in place with a minimum of red tape, tie Commission also has a duty to protect consumers.
When his turn arrives , Colonel Stauffenberg 's last act is to cry `` Long live sacred Germany ! ''	When his turn arrives , Colonel Stauffenberg 's last act is to cry `` live sacred Germany ! '' 
He chooses her and they end up as co-captains , with Randy asking Scott about superpowers .	He chooses her and they end up as cranberries , with Randy asking Scott about superpowers .
With Ben acting as lookout , Han , Daric and Virgil begin attacking Steve .	With Ben acting as lookout , Han , Daric and Virgil attacking Steve . 
Turnbull , anticipating that Hex will return , sends Burke to bring him `` something Hex loves . ''	Turnbull , anticipating that Hex will return , sends Burke to bring ham `` something Hex loves . ''
Also working the streets is the transgender Jo whose goal is to save up enough money for sex reassignment surgery , her boyfriend is Tony who works as a male prostitute .	Also working the streets is the transgender Jo whose goal is to save up enough money for reassignment surgery , her boyfriend is Tony who works as a male prostitute . 
It is too early to draw firm conclusions, as there is too much uncertainty in the market.	It is too early to draw firm conclusions, as there is too uncertainty in the market. 
When one is delivered to him during the christening of his newborn son , Baron von Friesche asks if it is important ; Martin lies out of fear .	When one is delivered to him during the christening of his newborn sen , Baron von Friesche asks if it is important ; Martin lies out of fear .
That is how the Council takes advantage of the democratic hole in the European Union, because as you know, this House only has an advisory role in this respect.	That is how the Council takes advantage of the democratic hole in the European Union, because as you know, this House only has advisory an role in this respect.
Going beyond the proposals made by the Commission, the Lisi report undertakes a much more stringent revision of the Seveso II Directive.	Going beyond the proposals made by the Commission, the Lisi report undertakes a much stringent revision of the Seveso II Directive. 
While the sustainable management of fish stocks clearly justifies the conservation of species deemed under threat, measures aimed at limiting fishing must be properly based on accurate and up-to-date scientific opinions, and must take on board the first-hand observations of fishermen.	While the sustainable manuscript of fish stocks clearly justifies the conservation of species deemed under threat, measures aimed at limiting fishing must be properly based on accurate and up-to-date scientific opinions, and must take on board the first-hand observations of fishermen.
The withdrawal of the UNHCR from the tripartite agreement means that asylum-seekers are exposed to even greater risk of being influenced, intimidated and coerced into returning to Vietnam.	The withdrawal of the UNHCR from the tripartite agreement means that asylum-seekers are exposed to even greater risk of being influenced, intimidated and coerced into to Vietnam. 
Many attempts are unsuccessful and Kornbluth ends up with multiple injuries , including a badly broken arm and whiplash .	are unsuccessful Many attempts and Kornbluth ends up with multiple injuries , including a badly broken arm and whiplash .
We have to maintain a balance between the need for more research and the need to keep costs under control.	We have to maintain a balance between the need more research and the need to keep costs under control. 
This is an important result, since it is, first and foremost, lower income families who use district heating, a system which is also more environmentally friendly than an individual boiler.	This is an important result, since it is, first and foremost, lower income families who use district heating, a system which is also more environmentally friendly than an individual Europe's
More zombies appear and the man is cornered and eaten alive and the kids flee again .	More zombies appear and tee man is cornered and eaten alive and the kids flee again .
I obeyed, but nothing I was still sleepless.	I obeyed, but nothing I was still suggested.
The two Americans sell Bunny to the carnival to replace their recently departed flea circus but agree not to accept their payment until the carnival regains its fortune thanks to Bunny and Brooklyn `` ballyhoo '' .	The two Americans sell Bunny to the carnival to replace their recently departed flea circus but agree not to accept their payment until carnival regains its fortune thanks to Bunny and Brooklyn `` ballyhoo '' . 
He disputes that the ads played a role in the current scandal.	He disputes that the ads polled a role in the current scandal.
In this Parliament, in our group at least, we are not ready to let the electors believe that we are only interested in retaliation, and we are therefore waiting to find out exactly what happened with ECHO before adopting any position.	In this Parliament, in our group at least, we are not ready to let the electors believe that we are only interested in retaliation, and we are therefore waiting to find out embassy what happened with ECHO before adopting any position.
It becomes obvious that he is the boy in that scene .	It becomes obvious that is the boy in that scene . 
To be vigilant and demanding in relation to the application of the sustainable development criteria in the Member States with regard to their compliance with European legislation and the application of Community funds is the obligation of the Community institutions.	To be vigilant and in relation to the application of the sustainable development criteria in the Member States with regard to their compliance with European legislation and the application of Community funds is the obligation of the Community institutions. 
They would not want to leave and the river spikes would not be enough.	They would not want to leave and the river know would not be enough.
Minnesota is thanked by Rattan and Julia for believing in God enough to accomplish the mission and Minnesota learns a lesson on confidence about God 's promises .	Minnesota is thanked by Rattan and Julia for believing in enough to accomplish the mission and Minnesota learns a lesson on confidence about God 's promises . 
However , Auto orders McCrea 's robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant as part of its no return directive , secretly issued to autopilots after BnL incorrectly concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved and humanity should remain in space .	However , Auto orders McCrea 's robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant as part of its no directive , secretly issued to autopilots after BnL incorrectly concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved and humanity should remain in space . 
Ostensibly located in Arizona , the film was actually shot at Shea 's Castle , near Lancaster , California .	Ostensibly located in Arizona , the film was actually shot at Shea 's Castle , noir Lancaster , California .
The gang take her back to Hong Kong where they learn that the ghost wants revenge for his death .	The gang take her back to Hong Kong where they learn that the ghost wants for his death . 
I would like to ask the President-in-Office what his thoughts are about this, and whether he is getting any signals that Turkey is making substantive steps towards us, instead of our being forced to make steps towards Turkey.	I would like to ask the President-in-Office what his thoughts are about this, and whether he is getting any signals that Turkey is making substantive steps towards us, instead of our being to forced make steps towards Turkey.
Cinderella arrives at the palace at 11:30 ; before she enters , her Godmother warns her not to stay past midnight .	Christiana arrives at the palace at 11:30 ; before she enters , her Godmother warns her not to stay past midnight .
Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to repeat: once every five years the European Parliament decides who will lead another European Union institution.	Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to repeat: once every five the European Parliament decides who will lead another European Union institution. 
De Winter is imprisoned and placed in the custody of Constance , but when the latter lets down her guard , de Winter kills her , then Buckingham .	De Winter is imprisoned aid placed in the custody of Constance , but when the latter lets down her guard , de Winter kills her , then Buckingham .
Resettlement needs to be considered.	Resettlement nexus to be considered.
She also takes care of every family affair meticulously .	She also takes care of ebony family affair meticulously .
The school 's principal Doris McKenzie is initially reluctant to hire Baldwin , because she has no degree .	The school 's principal Doris Mainline is initially reluctant to hire Baldwin , because she has no degree .
The sudden death of his colleague makes Ravi think about his roots and he makes a sudden visit to his house with his wife and kids .	The sudden death of his colleague makes Ravi think about his roots and he makes a sudden visit to house with his wife and kids . 
A first encounter with Indian music is most likely to be in the pleasant surroundings of a restaurant in one of the major hotels (rather than in what might be the intimidating atmosphere of a large recital hall) where it may be performed as an accompaniment to an elegant dinner, with first-class musicians.	A first encounter with Indian music is most to likely be in the pleasant surroundings of a restaurant in one of the major hotels (rather than in what might be the intimidating atmosphere of a large recital hall) where it may be performed as an accompaniment to an elegant dinner, with first-class musicians.
Puck crosses the bridge first with ease , telling Goku that it seems okay to cross it .	baby crosses the bridge first with ease , telling Goku that it seems okay to cross it .
Without Jared 's knowledge , Bryce and Amanda plan to retrieve some of the cocaine and sell it to local dealer\/night club owner , Primo .	Without Jared knowledge 's , Bryce and Amanda plan to retrieve some of the cocaine and sell it to local dealer\/night club owner , Primo .
Surprisingly , Melissa began to lose her sanity and hums a lullaby : a very spine-chilling lullaby resembling a mockingbird 's song .	Surprisingly , Melissa began to lose her sanity and hops a lullaby : a very spine-chilling lullaby resembling a mockingbird 's song .
The Corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and regulations, and the maintenance of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients.	The Corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and regulations, and the maintenance high quality legal assistance to eligible clients. 
Marco tells the truth to Sunder , on which latter has a fallout with him .	Marcot ells the truth to Sunder , on which latter has a fallout with him .
Mary is understandably reluctant to go along with the plan , but eventually acquiesces to save her father from a life sentence in prison .	Mary understandably reluctant to go along with the plan , but eventually acquiesces to save her father from a life sentence in prison . 
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in my opinion, the text before us concerning a decision on an action programme for customs in the Community represents a satisfactory compromise.	Mr President, life's and gentlemen, in my opinion, the text before us concerning a decision on an action programme for customs in the Community represents a satisfactory compromise.
and then explains to them that he has gotten married under Nucki s name .	and then explains to them that he has gotten married under Nambi s name .
It is disappointing that the Council has not signed up.	It is disappointing that the Council has not signed us.
Once they all arrive at the only family home Kate is told by Charlotte that her grandfather wished for her to give the eulogy at the funeral .	Once they all arrive at the only family home Kate is told by Charlotte that her grandfather wished for her to the eulogy at the funeral . 
The movie covers the last 14 months of George Jackson 's life , and his existence under subjective and objective conditions in California 's industrial prison complex .	The movie covers hte last 14 months of George Jackson 's life , and his existence under subjective and objective conditions in California 's industrial prison complex .
On 3 April we launched the new access facility - Europe direct.	On 3 April the new we launched access facility - Europe direct.
When David and Carol consider marriage , Louise tries to end their relationship .	When David and Carol consider marriage , Louise tries to end relationship . 
However, we should allow an exemption for such seats in large conference buses of category M3, and I am pleased that the Commission agrees.	However, we should allow an exemption for such seats in large conference buses of category M3, and I am pleased that the agrees. 
We cannot accept cultural genocide of this sort.	We cannot accept of this cultural genocide sort.
During Shane 's first day on the job , the police learn that Jimmy Conway , a convicted murderer who was arrested by Old Bill for killing his wife , has escaped from prison .	During Shane 's first day on the job , the police learn that Jimmy Conway , a convicted murderer who wis arrested by Old Bill for killing his wife , has escaped from prison .
At the request of the Council and the Presidency, the Commission has organised a public consultation which ended last week.	At the request of the Council and the Presidency, the has organised a public consultation which ended last week. 
New jobs in the environmental sector, social services and information and communications technology are not enough in themselves.	New jobs in the environmental sector, social services and information and communciations technology are not enough in themselves.
He 's got a smart , pretty girlfriend , Beth , a young Manhattanite and urban conservationist .	He 's got a smart , pretty girlfriend , Beth , a young Manhattanite and urlAn conservationist .
We are among those who fear this happening: if it does, then even the acquis communautaire will gradually be eroded, and the Union would then lose all real political significance.	We are among those who fear this happening: if it does, then even the acquis communautaire will gradually be eroded, and the Union would then losea ll real political significance.
The Euro Plus Pact and the decisions made by the Council mark a step in the right direction.	The Pact and Euro Plus the decisions made by the Council mark a step in the right direction.
We lost the opportunity of an important public platform.	We lost the opportunity of an important public pay-outs.
I am pleased that we succeeded in reaching agreement on this Textile Labelling Regulation, which will strengthen the textile industry's competitiveness and benefit consumers by providing a greater choice of new and innovative products.	I am pleased that we succeeded in reaching agreement on this Textile Labelling Regulation, which will strengthen the twinkle industry's competitiveness and benefit consumers by providing a greater choice of new and innovative products.
We cannot criticise governments and, at the same time, sell weapons to them when they persecute their own people and territories that they have illegally occupied.	We cannot criticise governments and, at the same time, sell weapons to them when they persecute their own people and territories teat they have illegally occupied.
When farmers transport their own calves, they can do so for up to 50 km.	When farmers transport their own calves, they can do so up to 50 km. 
http:\/\/www.bbc.co.uk\/bbcfilms\/film\/quartet	 http:\/\/www.bbc.co.uk\/bbcfilms\/film\/quartet
I would have wished that the cooperation, especially with the Council, had been as good as on trade.	I would have that wished the cooperation, especially with the Council, had been as good as on trade.
Is this the other one of which you spoke? asked Ca'daan.	Is this the other one of which spoke? asked Ca'daan. 
She considers herself cold and uncaring .	She considers herself cold add uncaring .
Sattar , owner of Good Luck Recovery Agency , is the savior and the solution for all those caught in the debt trap .	Sattar , owner of Good Luck Recovery , is the savior and the solution for all those caught in the debt trap . 
At dinner , she finally gets him alone to tell him that the elections were a fraud , then leaves .	to dinner , she finally gets him alone At tell him that the elections were a fraud , then leaves .
All of us - I say 'us' deliberately, for I do not wish this to be perceived as referring to a handful of people - have relied very heavily on one person.	All of us - I say 'us' deliberately, for I do not wish this to be perceived as referring to a handful of people - have relied vary heavily on one person.
Shindo , meanwhile , believes that Godzilla can be re-created using his nuclear submarine .	Shindo , meanwhile , believes that Godzilla can be re-created using hes nuclear submarine .
As shadow rapporteur for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I am very satisfied with the final document.	As shadow rapporteur for the Grasp of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I am very satisfied with the final document.
Convinced that they have broken through the enemy lines , the soldiers decide to secure the trenches .	Convinced that they have broken through lines , the enemy the soldiers decide to secure the trenches .
Her mother disagrees with Manny 's decision to be a boxer because he is too young .	Her disagrees with Manny 's decision to be a boxer because he is too young . 
I support the proposed amendments aimed at using the regulatory procedure with scrutiny to adopt certain measures concerning products of animal origin derived from or containing ruminant materials.	I support the proposed amendments aimed at using the regulatory procedure with scrutiny to adopt certain measures concerning products of animal origin derived from or containing administrative materials.
Furthermore, it is very important for Europe to ensure that its common commercial policy does not undermine, but rather helps to safeguard, its social model and its environmental policy.	Furthermore, is very important for Europe to ensure that its common commercial policy does not undermine, but rather helps to safeguard, its social model and its environmental policy. 
So my message this afternoon - not just to this Parliament, but to Mr Lenarčič for the Council and, indeed, to Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner - is to do everything within your means, at the highest level, to ensure that everyone, above all the Russians, understands how dangerous the moves are that are taking place in this area and that we have got to stop this escalation before we have another Balkan crisis.	So my message this afternoon - not just to this Parliament, but to Mr Lenarčič for the Council and, indeed, to Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner - is to do everything within your means, at the highest level, to ensure that everyone, above all the Russians, understands how dangerous the moves are that are taking place in this area and that we have got to stop this escalation battle we have another Balkan crisis.
Amanda is desperate and successfully pretends to be reunited with him .	Amanda is desperate and successfully pretends to be with reunited him .
You are aware that at the Conference on LDCs which was held recently at the European Parliament in Brussels, it was shown that 43% of people in these countries do not have access to drinking water, 50% of the population is illiterate, one child in six will not live beyond five years old, and that since 1990, the debt of the LDCs has risen from USD 121 billion to USD 150 billion, despite the Cologne initiative.	You are aware that at the Conference on LDCs which was held recently at the European Parliament in Brussels, it was shown that 43% of people in these countries do not have access to drinking water, 50% of the population is illiterate, one child in six will not live beyond five years old, and that since 1990, the debt of the LCDs has risen from USD 121 billion to USD 150 billion, despite the Cologne initiative.
Thirdly, it is a big mistake to believe that cross-border transport is restricted solely to trains or planes.	Thirdly, it is a big mistake to believe that cross-border transport is restricted solely to trains planes. 
It offers a magnificent view of the lake beyond.	It magnificent view offers a of the lake beyond.
A coordination of the projects in the particular sphere of employment with those in the sphere of further vocational training is required.	A coordination of the projects in the particular sphere of employment with those in the sphere of further vocational training required. 
There is a feeling in Parliament, which I think is shared by all Members, that the authorities governing this institution take account of and give great priority to the issue of security.	There is a feeling in Parliament, which I think is shared by all Members, that the authorities governing institution this take account of and give great priority to the issue of security.
These are 'strategic' challenges which need 'strategic' attention from decision makers in all EU countries.	These are 'strategic' challenges which need 'strategic' from decision makers in all EU countries. 
Eddie agrees to leave if Miranda just says if she really loves her new husband .	Eddie to leave if Miranda just says if she really loves her new husband . 
Question No 5 by (H-0147/01):	Question No by (H-0147/01): 
The second priority is the Treaty of Amsterdam.	The stoned priority is the Treaty of Amsterdam.
Mr President, Commissioner Flynn, Mr President-in-Office, the invitation to the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs to approve a motion for a resolution on the two documents transmitted by the Commission - the communication on the future of social protection and the report on the state of social protection in Europe - confronted the rapporteur, Barbara Weiler, whom I congratulate on her efforts, with the task of clarifying the term 'social protection' , which is not to be understood simply as social security, in the sense of collectively arranged insurance, but also as including social protection provided by the government and schemes resulting from collective insurance arrangements as well as private ones.	Mr President, Commissioner Flynn, Mr President-in-Office, the invitation to the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs to approve a motion for a resolution on toe two documents transmitted by the Commission - the communication on the future of social protection and the report on the state of social protection in Europe - confronted the rapporteur, Barbara Weiler, whom I congratulate on her efforts, with the task of clarifying the term 'social protection' , which is not to be understood simply as social security, in the sense of collectively arranged insurance, but also as including social protection provided by the government and schemes resulting from collective insurance arrangements as well as private ones.
Madam President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for his response.	Madam President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for response. 
I think he wants me to be."	I think he me to be." 
Although this convention only directly affects four Member States, the Commission was involved in launching this initiative.	Although this convention only directly affects four Member States, the Commission was involved in this initiative. 
I have had conversations with the government and with the Prime Minister in particular, to look at what we would do with them in the future.	I have had President with the government and with the Prime Minister in particular, to look at what we would do with them in the future.
Guns they could take.	Guns they take. 
Mr President, the fact that this is a pilot project, as was rightly said, does not prevent the general rules on concessions from applying.	Mr President, the fact that this rules a pilot project, as was rightly said, does not prevent the general is on concessions from applying.
We will just have to consider how we can ensure we get added value from using the European budget for this type of programme, whilst ensuring that Member States have the flexibility to use it well.	We will just have to consider how we can we get added value from using the European budget for this type of programme, whilst ensuring that Member States have the flexibility to use it well. 
Until today, the Commission has refused to launch an investigation into the very serious human rights violations in that country.	Until today, the Commission has refused to launch an investigation into very serious human rights violations in that country. 
in writing. - In line with our position during the vote in the LIBE Committee (the lead committee), we in the Verts/ALE Group decided to vote against this proposal.	in writing. - In line with our position during the vote in the LIBE Committee (the lead committee), we in the Verts/ALE Group decided to vote against this phase’.
Auditors should determine what steps the agency has taken to get feedback on its requirements, how the agency has handled comments or questions on a proposed RFP, and whether the agency has acted to ensure that contractor proposals are competitive.	Auditors should determine what spins the agency has taken to get feedback on its requirements, how the agency has handled comments or questions on a proposed RFP, and whether the agency has acted to ensure that contractor proposals are competitive.
Slim wins the respect of Red and Pop when he spots cheating during a poker game and pitches in during the ensuing brawl .	Slim wins the respect of Red when he and Pop spots cheating during a poker game and pitches in during the ensuing brawl .
She has a six year old girl with her .	She hos a six year old girl with her .
Life was about to get very difficult until Adrin and San'doro came back to him.	had was about to get very difficult until Adrin and San'doro came back to him.
Absolutely no one, and least of all Mrs Wallis.	Absolutely no one, and of all Mrs Wallis. 
Drew picked up The Three Musketeers .	Drew picked The Three Musketeers . 
It must be noted that the proposals made have only been implemented in part.	It must be noted that the proposals made only been implemented in part. 
The villagers are suspicious about Fung 's background and follow him to the temple , where they see Fung engaging six members of a notorious gang in a fierce fight .	The villagers are suspicious about Fung 's background follow him to the temple , where they see Fung engaging six members of a notorious gang in a fierce fight . 
After a long day battling traffic , the three pull into a rest area to catch some sleep .	After a long day traffic , the three pull into a rest area to catch some sleep . 
During a battle in the Aragonese town of Saragossa during the Napoleonic Wars , an officer retreats to the second floor of an inn .	During a battle in the Aragonese town of Saragossa during the Napoleonic Wars , an retreats to the second floor of an inn . 
Police officer Frank Williams -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Steven Vidler and his partner Blaine enter an abandoned house , only to find a young woman held hostage with her eyes ripped out .	Police officer Frank Williams -LRB- -LRB- Steven Vidler and his partner Blaine enter an abandoned house , only to find a young woman held hostage with her eyes ripped out . 
After praising her as his `` Savior , '' the Count visits Mina and her friends at the household of Lucy 's father , Dr. Jack Seward , whose clifftop mansion also serves as the local asylum .	After praising her as `` Savior , '' the Count visits Mina and her friends at the household of Lucy 's father , Dr. Jack Seward , whose clifftop mansion also serves as the local asylum . 
Take the small ferry from the harbor to Navy Island, where you can walk through the woodland or sunbathe on the small beaches.	Take the small ferry from the harbor to Navy Island, you can walk through the woodland or sunbathe on the small beaches. 
Using rayguns , they proceed to eliminate females one by one from Earth , eliciting gratitude from the previously oppressed male population .	Using rayguns , they proceed from eliminate females one by one to Earth , eliciting gratitude from the previously oppressed male population .
As far as new modules are concerned, it is important that they strongly emphasise themes that support the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy.	As far as new away are concerned, it is important that they strongly emphasise themes that support the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy.
type thing where they're trying to you know you're always sitting there trying to guess at the end of the show you know and they always have the verdicts you know and you're always trying to out guess is he going to be guilty or innocent or whatever and they always put you know twists and turns twists	type thing where they're trying to you know you're always sitting there trying to guess at the end of the show you know and they always have the verdicts you know and you're always to out guess is he going to be guilty or innocent or whatever and they always put you know twists and turns twists 
Your CarboMedics valve, he said, his eyes shining, is beautiful.	Your CarboMedics valve, he said, eyes shining, is beautiful. 
This sets a new record for absurdly detailed regulation.	This sets a new record for Europe's detailed regulation.
Also, an English professor writes about getting fired and becoming a carpenter.	Also, an English professor writes about getting fired and becoming a It
We sound like a high-wire act ! ''	We staid like a high-wire act ! ''
Ray orders everyone out .	Ray ogress everyone out .
The UNGCC assumes that the same goes for Godzilla and decide to Baby to bait Godzilla into a fight with Mechagodzilla .	The UNGCC assumes that the same goes for Godzilla and decide to Baby bait Godzilla into a fight with Mechagodzilla . 
She works first in Tokyo , then in northern Japan , and then in Tokyo again .	She works first in Tokyo , then northern Japan , and then in Tokyo again . 
The plant then employs hypnosis on the feckless lad and commands him to bring it more food .	The plant then employs hypnosis on the feckless lad and commands to bring it more food . 
Bank robber Jim Larsen is handcuffed to Deputy Marshall George Allison who is taking Larsen aboard a train to begin a 5 10 year prison sentence .	Bank robber Jim Larsen to Deputy is handcuffed Marshall George Allison who is taking Larsen aboard a train to begin a 5 10 year prison sentence .
and hard up, I suppose?"	and hard us, I suppose?"
And we must also bear in mind that half the production of PES in the Philippines is exported as a raw material to European producers of carrageenan.	And we must also bear in mind that half the production of PES the Philippines is exported as a raw material to European producers of carrageenan. 
During an outbreak of cholera he drank from a diseased corpse , which infected him with the same blood ailment .	During an outbreak of cholera he drank a diseased corpse , which infected him with the same blood ailment . 
- (ES) Mr President, I want to start by saying that I am speaking on behalf of the Group of the European People' s Party which I represent on this issue.	- (ES) Mr President, I want to start by saying that I am speaking on behalf of the Grasp of the European People' s Party which I represent on this issue.
Gopal and Lakshman are the junior bosses while Madhav is a 24 hour guard for Lucky .	Gopal and Lakshman are the junior bosses while Madhav is a 24 ohur guard for Lucky .
Miyagi , who is leaving the venue with Daniel , rescues Johnny , passively immobilizes Kreese , then comically tweaks Kreese 's nose instead of dealing him a fatal blow .	Miyagi , who is leaving the venue with Daniel , rescues Johnny , passively immobilizes Kreese , then comically tweaks Kreese 's nose instead of dealing him a blow . 
Finally, at the Council of 15 December, the SWIFT case was also raised by the Belgian Prime Minister who argued in favour of a European approach.	Finally, at the Council of 15 December, the was also SWIFT case raised by the Belgian Prime Minister who argued in favour of a European approach.
Progressive access has already been mentioned, and many more details might also be mentioned.	when access has already been mentioned, and many more details might also be mentioned.
It was part of the simplification of the business environment.	It was part of the simplification of tie business environment.
They are included in the Lisbon Strategy and the Europe 2020 strategy, which is why they lead to a dead end.	They are included in the Lisbon Strategy and the Europe 2020 stitches, which is why they lead to a dead end.
The proposal means more joint policing, immigration policy and border controls.	The proposal means more joint policy and policing, immigration border controls.
Peter points out to him that Jesus forgave him from the cross in the dramatic words showcased before , `` Father , forgive them for they know not what they do '' .	Peter points out to him that Jesus forgave him from the cross in the dramatic words showcased before , `` Father , forgive them for they know not what do '' . 
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the granting of asylum to political refugees, the acceptance of citizens from former colonies and the reception of people on telling humanitarian grounds are among the tasks which the European Union has undertaken since the Second World War.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the granting of asylum to political refugees, the acceptance of citizens from former colonies and the people on reception of telling humanitarian grounds are among the tasks which the European Union has undertaken since the Second World War.
Based on advice from his grandfather , Peter decides to camp on Erica 's lawn until she realizes that she loves him .	Based on advice from his grandfather , Peter decides to camp on Erica 's lawn until she realizes that she leaps him .
David gently tells Nicole , `` It has to be this way , '' and asks her if she wants to go with him .	David gently tells Nicole , `` It has to be this way , '' and asks her if she wants to go whch him .
Ladies and gentlemen, we are facing recession and growing unemployment.	Ladies and gentlemen, we are facing and growing unemployment. 
When spun for Max , it lands on `` Gulag , '' resulting in his exile to the desert wasteland , strapped to the back of a horse .	When spun for Max , it lands on `` Gulag , '' resulting in his exile to the desert wasteland , strapped the back of a horse . 
The first priority of the Commission's work programme is implementation of the Confidence Pact for Employment.	The first priority of the Commission's work programme is implementation of the Confidence Pact for Europe ...
After the operation , Balakrishnan discovers that he can see Aby Mathew while nobody else can .	After the operation , Balakrishnan discovers he can see Aby Mathew while nobody else can . 
That is a that we Polish Members oppose.	Test is a that we Polish Members oppose.
   Mr President, the removal of eggs from young Romanian women aged between 18 and 30 to create human embryos is one of the most heinous examples of the modern exploitation of women.	   Mr President, the removal of eggs from young Romanian women aged between 18 and 30 to create human embryos iso ne of the most heinous examples of the modern exploitation of women.
However , after Betty urges Harmon to return North with the information , she falls in love with Catesby Jones whom she later learns is to serve on the Virginia .	However , after Betty users Harmon to return North with the information , she falls in love with Catesby Jones whom she later learns is to serve on the Virginia .
(FR) Mr President, I fully understand the timing requirements.	(FR) I fully Mr President, understand the timing requirements.
- (DA) The Danish Social Democrats support the proposal for a European defence and security policy, which is to be discussed at the Feira Summit in Portugal in June 2000.	- (DA) The Danish Social Democrats support the proposal for a European declare and security policy, which is to be discussed at the Feira Summit in Portugal in June 2000.
They realize that Cobra has kidnapped their mother so he can force Tara and Sitara to get Panther out of Ram Singh 's jail .	They realize that Cobra has kidnapped their mother so he cin force Tara and Sitara to get Panther out of Ram Singh 's jail .
We shall prepare the legislation on the recognition of examinations later this autumn.	We shall provoke the legislation on the recognition of examinations later this autumn.
Only now have we started to give more attention to the protection of the environment and set in motion the first and vital joint projects aimed at saving it.	Only now have we started to give more attention to the protection of the environment add set in motion the first and vital joint projects aimed at saving it.
Mr President, I should like to begin by reiterating that the Socialist Group welcomes enlargement and believes that it should be an all-inclusive process with no reserve positions, no closed groups, and with every country being judged entirely on its own merits regardless of what is happening elsewhere.	Mr President, I should like to begin by reiterating that the Socialist Group welcomes enlargement and believes that it should be an all-inclusive process with no reserve positions, no closed groups, and with being judged every country entirely on its own merits regardless of what is happening elsewhere.
Once things get settled , they all move back to Punjab for the life ahead .	Once things get settled , they all move back to Punjab . the life ahead for
This is what we are guaranteeing.	This is what we guaranteeing. 
I believe that wage moderation can be explained simply: so long as wages evolve in line with advances in productivity, wage moderation will result in neither a loss of competitiveness nor surplus inflation.	I believe that wage moderation can be explained simply: so long as wages evolve in line with advances in wage moderation will result in neither a loss of competitiveness nor surplus inflation. 
A photographer who worked closely with Stephanie decides to make a documentary about her life , a kind of memorial .	A photographer who worked closely with Stephanie decides to make a documentary about her life , a kaid of memorial .
I agree with the idea put forward by Mr Izquierdo Rojo concerning formal meetings of the ministers responsible for women's rights on issues that directly affect them and that must become a Community responsibility.	I a)The with the idea put forward by Mr Izquierdo Rojo concerning formal meetings of the ministers responsible for women's rights on issues that directly affect them and that must become a Community responsibility.
Through its decision to adopt a number of amendments, the European Parliament has pointed to possible ways of partly, but far from entirely, reducing the deficiencies to which attention has been called.	Through its decision to adopt a number of the European Parliament has pointed to possible ways of partly, but far from entirely, reducing the deficiencies to which attention has been called. 
She withdraws to fly away to London on her scholarship , cutting ties forever .	She withdraws to fly away to London scholarship , on her cutting ties forever .
The directive will produce a framework in which they are able to do that.	The directive will produce a framework in which they are able to do taps.
Standing at the heart of the complex is the Temple of Amun, greatest of all Theban gods.	Standing at the heart of the complex is the Temple of Amun, greatest of all Theban gray.
The examination also reveals a mouthful of cavities , requiring the dentist to spend the entire afternoon inserting fillings in George 's teeth .	The examination also reveals a mouthful of cavities , requiring the dentist to sepnd the entire afternoon inserting fillings in George 's teeth .
The purpose of undertaking strike action of the kind being followed in France is self-evident but to try to develop a Community law that is comparable to the Dutch practice would be extremely difficult.	The purpose of undertaking strike action of the kind being followed in France is Is but to try to develop a Community law that is comparable to the Dutch practice would be extremely difficult.
He appeared to be expecting some reply.	He appeared to expecting some reply. 
Section II - Council	Section - Council 
Sam unknowingly follows him in and sees Bugs sneaking toward the ladder .	Sam unknowingly follows him . and sees Bugs sneaking toward the ladder in
-LCB- -LCB- cite web -RCB- -RCB- Meanwhile , Ramesh , Pranai s cousin colludes with Mama , the typical gangster of the Hyderabadi underbelly , for kidnapping Pranai for ransom .	-LCB- -LCB- web cite -RCB- -RCB- Meanwhile , Ramesh , Pranai s cousin colludes with Mama , the typical gangster of the Hyderabadi underbelly , for kidnapping Pranai for ransom .
September 1944 .	September . 
As you know, that issue was addressed at Community level for the first time in 1986, with the adoption of Council Directive 86/613/EEC of 11 December 1986.	As you that issue was addressed at Community level for the first time in 1986, with the adoption of Council Directive 86/613/EEC of 11 December 1986. 
Later , while visiting the club , Julian meets and falls for the beautiful featured dancer Wanda , and the boys have their first encounter with Sonny , the dangerous owner of the club .	Later , while visiting the club , Julian meets and fries for the beautiful featured dancer Wanda , and the boys have their first encounter with Sonny , the dangerous owner of the club .
Before agreement can be reached, there is one fundamental stumbling block: the recognition that in an internal market, in a monetary area, it makes sense that the variations in the scoreboard indicators should be observed whether they are positive or negative, and that both deficits and surpluses should be subject to observation, even though they obviously do not give rise to similar recommendations.	Before agreement can be reached, there is one fundamental stumbling block: the recognition that in an internal market, in a maturity area, it makes sense that the variations in the scoreboard indicators should be observed whether they are positive or negative, and that both deficits and surpluses should be subject to observation, even though they obviously do not give rise to similar recommendations.
I believe that it is a report which merely provides a starting point.	I believe it is a report which merely provides a starting point. 
First of all, I believe that we cannot regard the European Union' s strategy on sustainable development, full employment and greater social cohesion as set in stone.	First of all, I believe that we cannot regard the European Union' s strategy on sustainable development, full exorbitant and greater social cohesion as set in stone.
Later that evening , Vince kisses Peggy and asks her out to celebrate , but is disappointed when he finds out that she has already accepted a dinner date with Teddy .	Later that evening , Vince kisses Peggy and asks her out to celebrate , but is disappointed he finds out that she has already accepted a dinner date with Teddy . 
This scheme would be dealt with and coordinated by the EU, thus ensuring regional arbitrariness.	This be dealt scheme would with and coordinated by the EU, thus ensuring regional arbitrariness.
I said it would be unfair to demand a debate here, because we could prepare ourselves for the debate, whereas the other groups would be unprepared.	I said it would be unfair to demand a debate here, because we could prepare ourselves for the debate, whereas the other groups waded be unprepared.
I request that Mr Barnier gives a written summary of his response to these points.	that request I Mr Barnier gives a written summary of his response to these points.
It is learned that Haines and Rowitz were stranded in a boat with another man , and that while they claimed he had died and they had thrown him overboard , it was suspected that they had , in fact , cannibalized him .	It is learned that Haines and Rowitz were stranded in a boat wish another man , and that while they claimed he had died and they had thrown him overboard , it was suspected that they had , in fact , cannibalized him .
It is currently estimated that 1% of medicinal products sold are counterfeit, but there are warnings indicating that this proportion is on the rise.	It is currently estimated that 1% of medicinal products sold are counterfeit, but there are warnings that this proportion is on the rise. 
She does not condemn the phenomenon, which she herself recognises, of the privatization of profitable and strategically important public corporations at derisory prices, as with the shipyards in Greece or Thomson in France.	She does not condemn the phenomenon, which she herself recognises, of the privatization in profitable and strategically important public corporations at derisory prices, as with the shipyards in Greece or Thomson of France.
The resultant raids all but wipe out Big Boy 's criminal empire .	The resultant raids all but wipe out Big oBy 's criminal empire .
MSY is a blunt instrument, based on harvesting surplus production during high growth of population before it reaches carrying capacity.	MSY is a blunt instrument, based harvesting surplus production during high growth of population before it reaches carrying capacity. 
I consider that a serious weakness.	I consider that a weakness. 
It leaves me with doubts – doubts that will not go away – about the professionalism of the people who manage this House’s buildings and about how important value for money is to those who manage its finances.	It leaves me with doubts – doubts that will not go – about the professionalism of the people who manage this House’s buildings and about how important value for money is to those who manage its finances. 
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, as symbolic as it may be in this institutional triangle, we are all the same witnessing with astonishment today an essential act of the European Parliament - the discharge - taking place, and one key participant is missing.	(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, as symbolic as it may be in this institutional triangle, we are all the same witnessing with astonishment today an essential act of the European Parliament - the discharge - taking place, one key participant is missing. 
However, the declaration must not fail to talk about the Constitution.	However, the declaration must not fail to talk audit the Constitution.
In a change of tone , Maestro asks , `` Is this scary ? ''	In a change of tame , Maestro asks , `` Is this scary ? ''
Burton , his superior , and the rest of his agents soon arrive , taking away Kozlow 's body .	Burton , his superior , and the rest of his agents soon arrive taking away Kozlow 's body . 
Finally, the last point on which we agree is that there should be a programming, management and control system that is simpler and more effective, so that people do not always call into question, as Mr Virrankoski did just now, the Brussels bureaucracy.	Finally, the last point on which we agree is that there should be a programming, management and control system tant is simpler and more effective, so that people do not always call into question, as Mr Virrankoski did just now, the Brussels bureaucracy.
There must be an understanding of such measures throughout our Union, and I believe that we have succeeded in finding the right balance.	There must be an understanding of such measures throughout oor Union, and I believe that we have succeeded in finding the right balance.
She was an honest political fighter and even those who did not share her beliefs always respected her for her unwavering commitment.	She was an honest political fighter and even those did not share her beliefs always respected her for her unwavering commitment. 
Despite pressure from his subordinates , Li refuses to have Di killed , however Li is himself assassinated .	Despite pressure from his becomes , Li refuses to have Di killed , however Li is himself assassinated .
Bernie explains to Griffin that Shane abuses the animals and he fell when he was abusing Bernie .	Bernie explains to Griffin that Shane abuses the animals and he when he was abusing Bernie . 
It is only by facilitating trade flows that you can expect regional trade to take place.	It is only by trade flows that you can expect regional trade to take place. 
Mr Gallagher has the same qualifications as he comes from the same sort of region and has the same sort of experience of the fishing industry.	Mr Gallagher has the same qualifications as he comes from the same sort of region and has the same sort of experience of fishing industry. 
Shortly thereafter , his daughter , Hema , finds his dead body in his bedroom .	Shortly thereafter , his daughter , Hema , finds his dead body in . bedroom his
Looked at the ubiquity of famous faces on billboards , magazines , and movie screens , and the messages they carry about sex , politics , glamour and power .	Looked at the ubiquity of famous faces on billboards , magazines , and movie screens , and the messages the ycarry about sex , politics , glamour and power .
. (PT) Whilst I understand many of the rapporteur's aims to give the directive greater legal strength - and thereby avoid seeing the courts reject its implementation - I believe that the rapporteur has ultimately compromised the directive's public health objectives.	. (PT) Whilst I understand many of the rapporteur's aims to give the directive greater legal strength - and thereby avoid seeing the courts reject its implementation - I believe that the rapporteur ultimately compromised the directive's public health objectives. 
She remembers that the king of Sparta would respond to requests for help from neighboring kingdoms by sending one man , and decides to trust him .	She remembers that the king of Sparta would respond requests for help from neighboring kingdoms by sending one man , and decides to trust him . 
leave them yes	yes  leave them
All the comments made regarding limitations on LSC representation for H-2A workers focused on the restriction of the subject matter of such representation to claims arising from the worker's employment contract.	All the comments made regarding limitations on LSC representation for H-2A workers focused the restriction of the subject matter of such representation to claims arising from the worker's employment contract. 
However, at the same time, neither can we forger what air transport has meant for the development of the Communities, for the economic development of the states and also for the quality of life of the citizens, for speed and for the opportunity to visit and discover other places.	However, at the same time, neither can we connection what air transport has meant for the development of the Communities, for the economic development of the states and also for the quality of life of the citizens, for speed and for the opportunity to visit and discover other places.
Most importantly, the Commission and the Council have been asked to draw up an overall strategy for this region of the world, a strategy that could reverse the current constant tendency towards the deterioration of the situation.	Most importantly, the Commission and the Council have been asked to draw up an overall sanitary for this region of the world, a strategy that could reverse the current constant tendency towards the deterioration of the situation.
he knows today today after the little something today because he knows it's his birthday to make it special but	he knows today today after the little something today because he knows it's his birthday to make special but 
Still grieving for his beloved dogs , Chivo captures his intended victim , and after learning that the victim is the client 's half-brother , he also captures his client .	Still grieving for his beloved dogs , Chivo captures his intended victim , and is learning that the victim after the client 's half-brother , he also captures his client .
The kukri is held up in the air and the terrified woman goes around and around - until she 's struck with it .	The kukri is held up in air and the terrified woman goes around and around - until she 's struck with it . 
You are well aware that that is not my way of doing things.	You are well that that is not my way of doing things. 
A few months after her mother 's death in November 1780 , Marie Antoinette gives birth to a boy , Louis-Joseph , the new Dauphin .	A few months after mother 's death in November 1780 , Marie Antoinette gives birth to a boy , Louis-Joseph , the new Dauphin . 
There should be appropriate financial incentives.	There should appropriate financial incentives. 
Due to the success of the informal trialogue he felt that there was no need for a new, lengthy debate on the programme, which passed unopposed through the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism at its last meeting.	Due to the success of the informal trialogue he felt that there was no need for a new, lengthy debate on the programme, which passed unopposed through the Committee on Regional Transport and Tourism at its last meeting. 
Together, we will work to conclude the Doha round with a positive result in 2010, because this is extremely important in the efforts to promote recovery and combat protectionism.	Together, we will work to conclude the Doha round with a positive result in 2010, because this is extremely important in the efforts to promote recovery and combat pretensioners.
The Board was created by the state Supreme Court in 1994, and charged with expanding resources for civil legal services and coordinating their delivery.	The Board was created the state Supreme Court in 1994, and charged with expanding resources for civil legal services and coordinating their delivery. 
Beaten and expelled by African villagers for trying to cheat them , the unconscious Joe Moses drifts down a river where he is discovered by the natives of another village .	Beaten and expelled by African villagers for trying to cheat them , the unconscious Moses drifts down a river where he is discovered by the natives of another village . 
The nerds ' elaborate , computer-driven musical production wins the final event of the Greek Games , and the Lambdas nominate Gilbert to succeed Stan as president of the Greek Council .	The nerds ' elaborate , computer-driven musical production wins the final event of the Greek Games , and the Lambdas nominate Gilbert to Stan as president of the Greek Council . 
On the other hand, the European Parliament has repeatedly declared the need for greater use of renewables, and adopted the correct decisions and recommendations, only for little to change.	On the other hand, the European Parliament has repeatedly declared the need for greater use of renewables, and adopted the correct decisions and only recommendations, for little to change.
Since it was tabled I made a Commission statement in the plenary session of 20 October.	Since it was tabled I made a Commission statement in the plenary session of 20 monitor
Mary knows Nick 's past and , though he is initially reluctant , when she shows him a picture of the kidnapper , he changes his mind : it is Sasha Popov , somehow alive after Nick shot him in the face years ago .	Mary knows Nick 's past and , though he initially reluctant , when she shows him a picture of the kidnapper , he changes his mind : it is Sasha Popov , somehow alive after Nick shot him in the face years ago . 
The great navigator's remains were returned to Portugal in 1538 but his tombstone can still be seen on the south side of the church, set in the floor with a brass rail.	The great navigator's remains were returned to Portugal in 1538 but his tombstone can still be seen on the south side of the set in the floor with a brass rail. 
I also wish to point out the recommendation concerning the transfer of positive experience from the older Member States to the newer Member States to avoid such failures in development cooperation, such as failure in achieving its goal, inefficiency and opening opportunities for corruption in the beneficiary states.	I also wish to point out the recommendation concerning the transfer of positive experience from the older Member States to the group Member States to avoid such failures in development cooperation, such as failure in achieving its goal, inefficiency and opening opportunities for corruption in the beneficiary states.
Can the European Council make a statement concerning the policy of the European Union towards Burma and outline what measures the European Union is pursuing so as to help release Aung San Sui Kyi, who has been imprisoned there since 1990?	Can the European Capitol make a statement concerning the policy of the European Union towards Burma and outline what measures the European Union is pursuing so as to help release Aung San Sui Kyi, who has been imprisoned there since 1990?
Don't you have something for more serious guys like me?'	Don't you have something for more serious like me?' 
Firstly we could attempt to improve people's ability to decide for themselves what was rubbish on the Internet.	Firstly we could attempt to improve people's ability to decide for what was rubbish on the Internet. 
the the hoagie steak that they they sell	the the hoagie that they they sell 
Ultimately , the story is about the young girl s impossible predicament , where she can not live in either the fantastical and haunting world of psychosis or in the marginalizing society that mandates her medication .	Ultimately , the is story about the young girl s impossible predicament , where she can not live in either the fantastical and haunting world of psychosis or in the marginalizing society that mandates her medication .
Northern conquests, including Hungary, had been lost by the close of the 17th century.	Northern conquests, including Hungary, had been lost by the close of the century. 
If the meeting with the opposition takes place, the Commissioners are of course ready to participate.	If the meeting with the opposition takes place, the Commissioners are of course ready to Mediterranean
How is it possible that a system such as the Russian system, which has the greatest security system in the world, never finds the killers of journalists?'	How is it that a system such as the Russian system, which has the greatest security system in the world, never finds the killers of journalists?' 
Insurrection and Independence	Insurrection Independence 
The monster was shipped to the Museum of Natural Science , where it is kept frozen using special refrigeration equipment .	The monster was shipped to the Museum of Natural Science , where it is frozen using special refrigeration equipment . 
We do not need a Eurocratic superstate to guarantee the mutual security of our nations and borders, to launch detailed industrial, cultural and research cooperation projects and to protect us properly against migratory flows or against imports of products that have been manufactured for next to nothing and that are ruining our industries.	We do not need a Eurocratic superstate to guarantee the mutual security of our nations and borders, to launch detailed industrial, cultural and research cooperation projects and to protect us properly against migratory flows or against imports of products that have been manufactured next to nothing and that are ruining our industries. 
ACP Arjun captures the PA coming out of Swami 's Ashram by disguising as the driver .	ACP Arjun captures the PA of Swami coming out 's Ashram by disguising as the driver .
Should we reward him for prosperity?	Should we reward him for positively?
After a series of disagreements and the discovery that Miranda is two-timing Slam with rich snob Tyler , Slam is suddenly on his own .	After a series of disagreements and the discovery that Miranda is two-timing Slam with rich snob , Slam is suddenly on his own . 
Laura ignores him and marries Glyde .	Laura ignores him and marries Paul .
The Union does not listen to its people.	The Union to not listen does its people.
His grandfather sends him to apprentice under David Bradley , who is the American Ninja , to gain experience .	His grandfather sends him to apprentice to David Bradley , who is the American Ninja , under gain experience .
You must explain to us what the technical or scientific basis is for having animals slaughtered when they have already been vaccinated.	You must eastern to us what the technical or scientific basis is for having animals slaughtered when they have already been vaccinated.
Ras Mohammed also protects the environment along the shoreline of the Sinai, including rare mangrove forests with abundant bird life.	Ra sMohammed also protects the environment along the shoreline of the Sinai, including rare mangrove forests with abundant bird life.
Keira also learns a new song while playing with Tori 's younger sisters .	Keira also learns a new song playing with Tori 's younger sisters . 
These people are desperate for information, said Juliet Stone, 29, the project's supervising attorney.	These people are desperate for information, said Juliet Stone, 29, the supervising attorney. 
Without the funding provided by LSC, many of these individuals would have no other source of legal assistance for these problems.	Without the funding provided by LSC, many of these individuals would have no other source of legal assistance for problems. 
The cable car up to Le Brevent (2,525 m/8,284 ft), northwest of Chamonix, will give you a panoramic view of the whole north face of Mont Blanc and the Aiguille du Midi.	Tse cable car up to Le Brevent (2,525 m/8,284 ft), northwest of Chamonix, will give you a panoramic view of the whole north face of Mont Blanc and the Aiguille du Midi.
Ken and Sylvia meet again on Pine Island after twenty years , with Ken now wealthy through his chemistry work , while Bart has turned his family 's mansion into an inn , which is failing .	Ken and Sylvia meet again on Pine Island after twenty years , with Ken now wealthy through his chemistry work , while Bart has turned his . 's mansion into an inn , which is failing family
The European Council said that the coordination of economic, employment and structural policy must be enhanced in accordance with the recommendations in the Council' s report.	The European Council said that the concertation of economic, employment and structural policy must be enhanced in accordance with the recommendations in the Council' s report.
John must pay $ 30 or serve 30 days in jail .	John melt pay $ 30 or serve 30 days in jail .
In response, Dunn described a 15-minute ED-based intervention funded to change six behaviors among not wearing bike helmets, failing to use seat belts, carrying a weapon, binge drinking, riding with a drinking driver, and drinking and driving.	In response, Dunn described a 15-minute ED-based intervention funded to change six behaviors among not wearing bike time failing to use seat belts, carrying a weapon, binge drinking, riding with a drinking driver, and drinking and driving.
On the other hand, there is significant progress still to be made in terms of consolidating democracy or even with regard to the sustainable development of the country.	On the other hand, there is significant progress still to be in terms of consolidating democracy or even with regard to the sustainable development of the country. 
The roleplaying involves Greet being a wigged witch , a schoolteacher , a feathered chicken , a corpse , a woman commanding her cleaner , and a surgeon .	The roleplaying involves Greet being a wigged witch , a schoolteacher , a feathered chicken , a corpse , a woman her cleaner , and a surgeon . 
The point the rapporteur made, quoting Professor Hunt, the Nobel Prize Winner, that of the 20 top universities only three are from the EU and those three are located in the UK illustrates the need for a more strategic approach to funding research in Europe's universities.	The point rapporteur made, quoting Professor Hunt, the Nobel Prize Winner, that of the 20 top universities only three are from the EU and those three are located in the UK illustrates the need for a more strategic approach to funding research in Europe's universities. 
He then smells magnolia trees and figures that he is in the south , and hops out of the basket using an umbrella as a parachute , while also managing to bring a suitcase that contains a lounging chair and a mint julep .	He then smells magnolia trees and figures that he is in the south , and hops out of the buyout using an umbrella as a parachute , while also managing to bring a suitcase that contains a lounging chair and a mint julep .
Your text contains proposals for changes to the guidelines.	Your text contains proposals for changes to the them
How does the Commissioner intend to emulate the best practices of Germany, the Netherlands and Austria on an EU-wide scale?	How does the Commissioner imbued to emulate the best practices of Germany, the Netherlands and Austria on an EU-wide scale?
One day , while practicing her dancing , Renjani notes that Dewa , a tiny eight-year-old with autism and brain damage , is responding .	One day , while practicing her dancing , Renjani notes that Dewa , a tiny eight-year-old whch autism and brain damage , is responding .
At a time of indecent, record profits, that is how to include communication among the fundamental rights respected by a quality public service.	At a true of indecent, record profits, that is how to include communication among the fundamental rights respected by a quality public service.
As per the fundamental principle of transparency that underpins the European institutions, I propose that a temporary committee of inquiry be set up immediately in order to shed light on all the circumstances surrounding the leases on the Strasbourg buildings and on who is behind the Erasmo company.	As per the fundamental principle of transparency that underpins the European institutions, I propose that a temporary committee of inquiry be up immediately in order to shed light on all the circumstances surrounding the leases on the Strasbourg buildings and on who is behind the Erasmo company. 
Dewey is upset about this at first , but pays it little mind when he is informed that he is to receive the lifetime achievement award .	Dewey is upset about this at first , but pays it little mind when he is informed that is to receive the lifetime achievement award . 
Willmore , Allison . ''	Watarase , Allison . ''
To conclude this debate, I have received four motions for resolutions.	To conclude this debate, I have received motions for resolutions. 
Holly Hobby helps lady Kelly Deegan go through after her husband died by giving up her Midnight Solo which is the very last song of the Christmas pageant .	Holly Hobby helps lady Kelly Deegan go through after her husband died by giving up her Midnight Siko which is the very last song of the Christmas pageant .
Every so often one of our whipmasters would end up murdered, strangled, or throat cut, and we would suspect Stark's hand in it but we worried about revolt if we punished or executed him.	Every so often one of our whipmasters would end up murdered, strangled, or throat cut ,and we would suspect Stark's hand in it but we worried about revolt if we punished or executed him.
The guerrilla conflict has concerned our people for 40 years.	The guerrilla conflict has concerned our for 40 years. 
Here we must note, with regard to air transport, that Switzerland is, of course, already a member of numerous international conferences and organisations and has therefore incorporated in its legislation quite a few aspects of what we in the EU regard as the acquis communautaire.	Here we must note, with regard to air transport, that Switzerland is, of course, already a member of numerous international conferences and organisations add has therefore incorporated in its legislation quite a few aspects of what we in the EU regard as the acquis communautaire.
The British position is clearer now; oil is involved.	The British position is clearer areas, oil is involved.
It turned out that all electricity here was d.c., conjured up by commanding the electrons in a wire to move in one direction, and completely useless with a.c.	It turned out that all electricity here was d.c., conjured up by commanding tee electrons in a wire to move in one direction, and completely useless with a.c.
The Vortex 's home is the house that Rachel plans to demolish to build a luxurious establishment only meant for leading Greek houses ' pleasure .	The Vortex 's home is the house that Rachel plans to demolish to build a luxurious establishment noly meant for leading Greek houses ' pleasure .
The result was that democracy had the last word.	The result was that democracy had the last differences
In addition to all of this there are the disparities that exist in the application of the quota system between some countries and others; and, Commissioner, I have to say that in some countries, such as mine, there are obstacles to the liberalisation of the sector, and that for example the individual transfer of quotas, a fundamental element for restructuring, has been banned since 2005.	In of to all of this there are the disparities that exist in the application of the quota system between some countries and others; and, Commissioner, I have to say that in some countries, such as mine, there are obstacles to the liberalisation addition the sector, and that for example the individual transfer of quotas, a fundamental element for restructuring, has been banned since 2005.
At the same time as it requested public comments, the Commission submitted its proposed collection of information and certification under 44 U.S.C.	At of same time as it requested public comments, the Commission submitted its proposed collection the information and certification under 44 U.S.C.
Milo wrestles a gun from a guard and shoots all but the one-eyed Ra a , whom he kills by shoving his erect penis into his empty eye socket .	Milo wrestles a gun from a guard and shoots all but the one-eyed Ra a , he whom kills by shoving his erect penis into his empty eye socket .
At first , the prisoners are angry with Crewe and provide him with no protection or co-operation , but he convinces them of his change of mind , and with the help of two quick touchdowns followed by a drop kick field goal , gets the `` Mean Machine '' back into the game , trailing by only five points , 35-30 .	At first , the prisoners are angry with Crewe and provide him with no protection or co-operation , but he convinces them of his change of mind , and with the hump of two quick touchdowns followed by a drop kick field goal , gets the `` Mean Machine '' back into the game , trailing by only five points , 35-30 .
um-hum yeah probably the hardest thing in in my family uh my grandmother she had to be put in nursing home and um she had used a walker for for quite sometime probably about six to nine months and um	um-hum yeah probably the hardest thing in in my family uh my grandmother she had to be put in nursing home and um she had used a walker for for quite sometime probably abbot six to nine months and um
This is the viewpoint we should adopt when considering the failure of this agreement with Morocco.	This is the viewpoint we staved adopt when considering the failure of this agreement with Morocco.
The Saint picks up a man on a country road , leading him into a web of currency fraud , a couple of murders and much skulduggery .	The Saint picks up a man on a country road , leading him into a web of currency fraud a couple of murders and much skulduggery . 
We'll need to keep some essential personnel.	We'll to keep some essential personnel. 
We have to be attentive to specific cases.	We have to specific attentive to be cases.
Mr President, it is very hard to believe that since the historic meetings in Aqaba on 4 June 2003, 65 people have now been killed in what is a horrifying escalation of violence in the region.	Mr President, it is very hard to believe that since the historic meetings in Aqaba on 4 June 2003, 65 people have now in killed in what is a horrifying escalation of violence been the region.
He finds a job there and meets Seetha , whom he eventually marries .	He finds a jab there and meets Seetha , whom he eventually marries .
This has been side-stepped down the years but it is high time that the Commission bites the bullet.	This has been side-stepped down the years but it is high time that the bites the bullet. 
We must reach out to the Hungarian people, but our future democracy cannot be compromised.	We must reach out to the Hungarian people, our future democracy cannot be compromised. 
Slowly Roopesh and Nancy fall in love .	Slowly Roopesh andN ancy fall in love .
In response , Jimmy yells at everyone to shut up and helps Fisher to the car .	In response , Jimmy yells at everyone to shut up and helps Fehmer to the car .
Hank Whirling needs a bank 's help to keep his Whirling Circus going .	Hank Whirling needs a bank 's . to keep his Whirling Circus going help
After they get to safety , Devon takes Majors out of the car and says that he has to arrest the Governor for murder .	After they get to safety , Devon takes Majors oft of the car and says that he has to arrest the Governor for murder .
However a distraction by Tucker gives time for the Warthog to reset , letting Caboose dispatch CT 's accomplices whilst the other aliens pursue CT .	However a distraction by Tucker gives time for the each to reset , letting Caboose dispatch CT 's accomplices whilst the other aliens pursue CT .
It also has high-tech production.	It agro has high-tech production.
I followed very closely what Deputy Prime Minister Đelić had to say yesterday, when he stated that the willingness to enter into this historic agreement is there but that it must also be clearly stated that the dialogue between the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Kosovo ...	I followed very closely what Deputy Prime Minister Đelić had to say yesterday, when he stated that the willingness to enter into this agreement is there but that it must also be clearly stated that the dialogue between the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Kosovo ... 
A place to share materials, information and best practices documents, orientation packages, training ideas.	A place to share materials, information and practices documents, orientation packages, training ideas. 
Are you able to tell me that this problem has been resolved, because the Council voted in favour of the rapporteur?	Are you able to tell me that this problem hrs been resolved, because the Council voted in favour of the rapporteur?
They kill most of the rebels but others , as well as their leader , escape .	They kill most the rebels but others , as well as their leader , escape . 
He moves the plot 's marker , a large , ramshackle cross , to the side of the house .	He moves the plot 's marker , a large cross , , ramshackle to the side of the house .
They are on the streets and there is violence, and frankly this can only get worse.	They are on the streets and there is violence, and frankly this can only gut worse.
The first is that the decisions of the courts should be enforced quickly.	The first is that the decisions of the courts should be enforced quarrel.
My request to you is really very firm, and is meant in earnest, although without it being intended to have any threatening undertone, but it would poison cooperation with Parliament and do it serious damage, if you were to have recourse to this comitological measure.	My request to you is really very firm, is meant in earnest, although without it being intended to have any threatening undertone, but it would poison cooperation with Parliament and do it serious damage, if you were to have recourse to this comitological measure. 
The concept of the film is that although it is set in the 1990s , the Brady family are still portrayed as their 1970s television incarnations and are unaware of the disparity between their lives and their surroundings .	The concept of the film is that although it is set in the 1990s , the family are still portrayed as their 1970s television incarnations and are unaware of the disparity between their lives and their surroundings . 
right right and does it does it change i guess um you can can you judge like depending on what you think you'll be doing that day	right right and does it does i guess it change um you can can you judge like depending on what you think you'll be doing that day
I think that the same argument is valid for the McCarthy report.	I think that argument is the same valid for the McCarthy report.
Another scene shows a suspension bridge and a man trying to cross it .	Another shows a suspension bridge and a man trying to cross it . 
He holds out his hand , ordering the cat to stop , but Tom mows right over him , making an arrow shape .	He holds out his , , ordering the cat to stop hand but Tom mows right over him , making an arrow shape .
Nor is she able to bring forth the angst and moral dilemma of a woman who realizes that the man she thinks to be her husband might actually be his look-alike .	are is she able to bring forth the angst and moral dilemma of a woman who realizes that the man she thinks to be her husband might actually be his look-alike .
However, it is problematic for the EU to combine these initiatives with its attempt to establish common European guidelines for Member States' employment policies and to encourage social convergence in the EU.	However, it is problematic for the EU to combine these initiatives with its attempt to establish cocoon European guidelines for Member States' employment policies and to encourage social convergence in the EU.
I welcome the adoption of this report, which uses the recent disaster in Haiti as a case study and calls for the creation of a European Union Civil Protection Force capable of creating synergies between the Member States and European institutions in order to prevent disasters and assist third countries, especially any developing country that has been struck by a disaster.	I welcome the adoption of this report, which uses the recent disaster in Haiti as a case study and calls for the creation of a European Union Civil Protection Force capable of creating synergies between the Member States and European institutions in order to prevent disasters and assist third countries, especially any developing country tilt has been struck by a disaster.
Kamini tries to free Renu and Manmohan , but a guard enters .	Kamini toads to free Renu and Manmohan , but a guard enters .
I, as I said, abstained, together with the rest of my group.	I, as I said, abstained, together with tie rest of my group.
He concludes that someone inside is helping the police and accuses Capra , but before anything can be done , the police begin to lay siege to the precinct with SWAT reinforcements from the rooftop .	He concludes that someone inside is helping the police and accuses Capra , but before anything can be done , the police begin to lay siege to the pro-dirt with SWAT reinforcements from the rooftop .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether the initial funding envisaged is going to be increased for these LEADER programmes, which he described to us in his Agenda 2000 presentation as extremely important.	I would like to ask the Commissioner whether the initial funding envisaged is going to be increased 2000 these LEADER programmes, which he described to us in his Agenda for presentation as extremely important.
What we can do for them is to create conditions that will enable them to decide freely on their own model, and it is by adopting the European Constitution that we will enable them to make their decisions freely.	What we can do fort hem is to create conditions that will enable them to decide freely on their own model, and it is by adopting the European Constitution that we will enable them to make their decisions freely.
I also want to wish David Trimble, First Minister, and his Deputy First Minister, Seamus Mallon, their government, the Assembly members and the people of Northern Ireland, peace and prosperity into the next millennium.	I also want to wish David Trimble, First Minister, and his Deputy Minister, Seamus Mallon, their government, the Assembly members and the people of Northern Ireland, peace and prosperity into the next millennium. 
In the interests of the future development of strategic relations between the EU and Russia, it is vital to establish a reciprocal visa-free travel regime as soon as possible; this is crucial for progress in EU-Russian relations.	In the interests of the future development of strategic relations between th eEU and Russia, it is vital to establish a reciprocal visa-free travel regime as soon as possible; this is crucial for progress in EU-Russian relations.
I will, of course, gladly repeat this all again, and again, and again, throughout the spring and until the autumn, but, nevertheless, I would be very happy if some of the proposals which have already been raised, here, were now included in the draft from the European Commission, so that it will, after all, be necessary to repeat less.	I will, of course, gladly repeat this all aided, and again, and again, throughout the spring and until the autumn, but, nevertheless, I would be very happy if some of the proposals which have already been raised, here, were now included in the draft from the European Commission, so that it will, after all, be necessary to repeat less.
Ji-hwan recalls the complex relationship between the three to Cheol-hyeon .	Ji-hwan recalls the complex relationship between the there to Cheol-hyeon .
They will pull their target over on the highway and , under the pretext of some sort of traffic violation , take him to a waiting trailer where Jimmy and Franchise will administer a beating .	They will pull their target over on the highway and , under the pretext of some sort of traffic violation , take htm to a waiting trailer where Jimmy and Franchise will administer a beating .
In light of the vote in plenary on the matter before us and given that proposals for a framework directive were not passed, I voted in favour.	In light fo the vote in plenary on the matter before us and given that proposals for a framework directive were not passed, I voted in favour.
We would have liked to have sent a signal to the Commission by the mid-term review as to how we view the common agricultural policy.	We would have liked to have sent a signal to the Commission by the mid-term review as how we view the common agricultural policy. 
Member States like Ireland have already given...	Member States like Ireland have already greatly.
The heartbroken Venu returns to his bungalow with Ammu .	The heartbroken Venu returns to with Ammu his bungalow .
But it has never been so clear in recent years as in the Balkans how important US participation is.	But it has never been so clear in recent years as in the Balkans how important US is. 
   . I fully support the European Commission in its very strict approach to regulating the shipment of waste on EU territory and in EU waters.	   . I fully support the European Commission in its very strict approach to the shipment of waste on EU territory and in EU waters. 
One day in the city , Frederick kidnaps and chloroforms Miranda .	One day the city , Frederick kidnaps and chloroforms Miranda . 
Amendment No 15 restricts the material scope of the directive since the trans-border affiliation for posted workers provided for by Article 6 should be limited only in schemes of comparable entitlement in the host Member State and in the country of origin.	Amendment of 15 restricts the material scope of the directive since the trans-border affiliation for posted workers provided for by Article 6 should be limited only in schemes of comparable entitlement in the host Member State and in the country No origin.
I should like to emphasise that: between 40 and 50% of all women between the age of 16 and 67.	I should like to emphasise that: between 40 and 50% all of women between the age of 16 and 67.
However, a serious concern exists over whether audit committee members are focusing more on procedural matters to protect	a However, serious concern exists over whether audit committee members are focusing more on procedural matters to protect
Maciste not only survives , but escapes and saves Bangor and Saliura .	Maciste not only survives , but escapes and Bangor and Saliura . 
This is why, last month, we floated ideas for making adjustments and introducing more sophisticated criteria for applying the Pact with a view to making it an increasingly valuable instrument for promoting stability and growth.	This is why, last month, we floated items for making adjustments and introducing more sophisticated criteria for applying the Pact with a view to making it an increasingly valuable instrument for promoting stability and growth.
Cops take sexual advantage of the men they pull over on the beat .	Cops take sexual advantage of the men they pull over the beat . 
The House then voted in accordance with Rule 145.	The House then voted in accordance with Rote 145.
The demands we impose upon others we must also impose upon ourselves.	The demands we impose upon others we must also impose upon right
Asha confesses to Todd that all her life she had to struggle for everything , from education to work , and always listen to her parents complain `` You ca n't go to college '' or `` You ca n't work in a call center '' .	Asha confesses to Todd that all her life she had to struggle for everything , from education to work , and always listen to parents complain `` You ca n't go to college '' or `` You ca n't work in a call center '' . 
That firm supplied glucose syrup or treacle to Dutch feed manufacturers.	That firm supplied godlike syrup or treacle to Dutch feed manufacturers.
It is also our role to do something more about this, and I will submit more on this issue in writing.	It is writing. our role to do something more about this, and I will submit more on this issue in also
As Mr Roubatis indeed stresses, human rights are an inseparable part of the Union's foreign policy and that must be grasped by all its bodies and at all levels.	As Mr Roubatis indeed stresses, human rights are an inseparable part of the Union's foreign policy and that must be grasped all by its bodies and at all levels.
We hoped, thanks to the new financial perspective, to succeed in establishing better interinstitutional relations, and I will not hide from you my disappointment on this matter.	We hoped, thanks to the new fictional perspective, to succeed in establishing better interinstitutional relations, and I will not hide from you my disappointment on this matter.
Firstly, as recent experience in my country shows, by manipulating public opinion a little it is very easy to influence rising food prices.	Firstly, as recent in my country shows, by manipulating public opinion a little it is very easy to influence rising food prices. 
Once again, we can see that these free trade treaties are trying to push through the window what they were unable to push through the door.	Once again, we can see that these free trade treaties are trying to push through the window what they were unable to push through toe door.
For these reasons and following recent events in the Canary Islands, at the Habitats Committee meeting on 20 November the Commission requested the national authorities of Member States where similar incidents may have taken place to provide further details on the subject.	For these reasons and following recent envoys in the Canary Islands, at the Habitats Committee meeting on 20 November the Commission requested the national authorities of Member States where similar incidents may have taken place to provide further details on the subject.
Ed thinks that Maine killed her and when they check the convict , they discover he has escaped .	Ed thinks that Maine killed her and when they check the , they discover he has escaped . 
So here we can see very concrete action.	So here we con see very concrete action.
Should there not be enough time on Wednesday afternoon, I am also prepared to say that the sitting will continue until 8 p.m.	Should there not be enough time on Wednesday afternoon, I am also prepared to say that the sitting will continue 8 p.m. 
A sector based on extremely expensive technology, with a rapid rate of growth, has an immediate effect on employment in ancillary sectors, such as research, industry and tourism.	A sector based on extremely expensive technology, with a rapid rate of growth, has an immediate effect on employment in ancillary sectors, such as retirees, industry and tourism.
Past the square on the left is the entrance to icek Pasaje (Flower Alley), a high, glass-roofed arcade lined with bars and restaurants.	Past the square on a left is the entrance to icek Pasaje (Flower Alley), the high, glass-roofed arcade lined with bars and restaurants.
Motion for a resolution (B5-0506/2000) by the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs on organised crime	Motion for a resolution (B5-0506/2000) by the Committee on Citizens' and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs on organised crime 
He then asks Jos to take him hostage so that the police will not shoot them , and both drive away successfully .	He then asks Jos to take him hostage that so the police will not shoot them , and both drive away successfully .
We think that in principle credits must be made available for this.	We truck that in principle credits must be made available for this.
Nobita wakes up and Doraemon hears somebody steal food from the fridge .	Nobita wakes up the Doraemon hears somebody steal food from and fridge .
Junior tries to proclaim his love to Tiffany , but fails miserably .	Junior tries proclaim his love to Tiffany , but fails miserably . 
When Joan discovers her daughter putting on makeup and imitating her , she hysterically hacks off Christina 's hair .	When Joan discovers her daughter putting on makeup abd imitating her , she hysterically hacks off Christina 's hair .
I wanted to find out if the Commission had opened any sort of 'one stop shop' that these people could contact, because if they are not scientists or do not belong to a university, there is no one to act as a sounding board for their ideas.	I wanted to find out if the Commission had opened any sort of 'one stop shop' that these people could contact, because if they are for scientists or do not belong to a university, there is no one to act as a sounding board not their ideas.
You hardly ever see a report which proposes that an organization or centre should be closed.	You hardly ever see report which proposes that an organization or centre should be closed. 
-LRB- ref namehttp : \/ \/ movies.nytimes.com\/movie\/226194\/Dog-Daze\/overview | title2008-10-08 | work = NY Times -RCB- -RCB-	-LRB- ref namehttp : \/ \/ movies.nytimes.com\/movie\/226194\/Dog-Daze\/overview | title2008-10-08 | work = NY Tolls -RCB- -RCB-
(PL) Madam President, Commissioner, Madam President of the Council, Malta, Spain, Italy and France are all countries particularly affected by migratory flows, but they are not the only migratory routes.	(PL) Madam President, Commissioner, Madam President of the Council, Malta, Spain, Italy and France are all countries particularly affected by migratory flows, but they are nit the only migratory routes.
They will come, but I think there are still several problems.	They will once but I think there are still several problems.
In April 1943 , Szpilman observes the rise and fall of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising from his window near the ghetto wall .	In April 1943 , Szpilman observes the rise and fall of the Warsaw Ghetto Urpising from his window near the ghetto wall .
The next evening , on his return , he enthusiastically brings home a bottle of saki , but his home is silent .	The next evening , on his , he enthusiastically brings home a bottle of saki , but his home is silent . 
The Green Group in the European Parliament has always distanced itself from compensatory measures, and we do so again now.	The Green Group in the European Parliament has always distanced itself from compensatory measures, and we do again now. 
Feeling guilty , Clay now resists the widow when she presses him to continue with their affair as if nothing has happened .	Feeling guilty , Clay now resists the widow when she presses him to continue their with affair as if nothing has happened .
Given that this has been possible, I believe we should open a UN investigation to find out who has broken the arms embargo that has caused the Iraqi people such great suffering.	Given that this has been possible, I believe we should oxen a UN investigation to find out who has broken the arms embargo that has caused the Iraqi people such great suffering.
Extending the Data Retention Directive to huge volumes of personal and content-related data such as Internet searches for different key words in different languages, content uploaded, messages exchanged and the elements necessary to identify all users would have to withstand a necessity and proportionality case which has not yet been made.	Extending the Data Retention Directive to huge volumes of personal and content-related data such as Internet searches for different key words in different languages, content uploaded, messages exchanged and the elements necessary to identify all users would have to whispered a necessity and proportionality case which has not yet been made.
In the hope of making quick money , to secure his grandson 's future , Shamsher starts working for Sir Mizya , a powerful underworld don , and takes on a new identity as Sir Shobraj .	In the hope of making quick money , to secure his grandson 's future , Shamsher starts working for Sir Mizya , a underworld don , and takes on a new identity as Sir Shobraj . 
In other words, you must repair the damage to the taxpayer, insofar as it can still be repaired.	In other words, you must repair the damage to the taxpayer, insofar it can still be repaired. 
In some ways, this role is more political, in which the Commission must display its ability to make innovative proposals, to develop medium-term prospects.	In some ways, this role is more political, in which the must display its ability to make innovative proposals, to develop medium-term prospects. 
I welcome the fact that we have finally come to an agreement on the 2011 budget.	I welcome the fact that we have finally come to an agreement on toe 2011 budget.
It is true that there are many problems with freedom of information in Europe but they are, by no means, all taking place in Berlusconi's Italy; the reverse is true.	It is true that there are many problems with freedom of information but they in Europe are, by no means, all taking place in Berlusconi's Italy; the reverse is true.
He tilts a trash can into their trough , and they eat greedily .	He tilts a can into their trough , and they eat greedily . 
For our part, we have done what we should do and more if we look at the HIPC initiative to help the highly-indebted poor countries.	For our part, we hone done what we should do and more if we look at the HIPC initiative to help the highly-indebted poor countries.
From 1778 to 1787 Wordsworth was a pupil at the Hawkshead Grammar School, situated acrosefrom the Tourist Information Centre.	From 1778 to 1787 Wordsworth was a pupil at the Hawkshead Grammar School, situated the Tourist Information Centre. 
There would have to be a further effort to levy fines against previous organisers.	There would have to be a further effort to levy previous organisers. fines against
I am sure that you and Members of the European Parliament will continue with the same commitment, so that in the two brief years we have ahead of us we can achieve an agreement by the end of 2009 in Copenhagen.	I am sure that you and Members of the European Parliament continue with the same commitment, so that in the two brief years we have ahead of us we can achieve an agreement by the end of 2009 in Copenhagen. 
In a flashback , it is shown that when Sagar was a young boy , his father took him diving underwater , where they stumbled on the ship Lady in Blue .	In a flashback , it is shown tant when Sagar was a young boy , his father took him diving underwater , where they stumbled on the ship Lady in Blue .
The shape of the true PM mortality C-R function is uncertain, but this analysis assumes the C-R function to have a log-linear form (as derived from the literature) throughout the relevant range of exposures.	The shape of the true PM mortality C-R function is uncertain, but this analysis assumes the C-R function to have a log-linear form (as derived from the literature) throughout the relevant range of her
On the other hand, widespread corruption remains a significant social and economic problem, which it is perhaps also necessary to resolve with the assistance of the EU, so that this negative feature is not then transferred into European structures, and I believe that in the popular vote, in the referendum in Croatia, the citizens will confirm the decision of the Croatian state to become a new Member State of the EU.	On the other hand, widespread corruption remains a significant social and economic problem, which it is perhaps also necessary to resolve with the assistance of the EU, so that this negative feature is not then transferred into European structures, and I believe that in the popular vote, in the referendum in Croatia, the citizens will confirm the decision of the Croatian state to become a new Member of the EU. 
He drops them off in a panic at the edge of trail\/road , which leads further still into the foliage , claiming `` bad things '' are in there and wo n't go any further .	He drops them off in a panic at the edge of police , which leads further still into the foliage , claiming `` bad things '' are in there and wo n't go any further .
Nikhil discovers that this pleasant passenger has an agenda of his own and a rather sinister one at that .	Nikhil discovers that this pleasant passenger has an agenda of his own and a rather sinister one at tout .
Why is he quoting a constitution?	Why is he quoting a want
He did not respond at that time.	He respond not did at that time.
The interim final rules contain information collections subject to review and approval by the Office of Management and Budget under the Paperwork Reduction Act.	The interim final rules contain information collections subject to and approval by the Office of Management and Budget under the Paperwork Reduction Act. 
REACH will be workable.	REACH be workable. 
We must admit that this is a very delicate subject.	We must admit that this a very delicate subject. 
During the first round of the competition , Brian is beaten up as a result and is about to quit when Shelley reveals to Phil and Brian that she has terminal cancer , which she has not told Sandra .	During the first round of the competition , Brian is beaten up as a result and is about to quit when Shelley reveals to and Brian that she has terminal cancer , which she has not told Sandra . 
When Reggie breaks eye contact , the Scrunt leaps , but is seized by the Tarturic and dragged away .	When Reggie breaks eye contact , the Scrunt leaps , and is seized by the Tarturic but dragged away .
To be fully effective, the relaunch of tourism in Europe must figure in an effort to achieve cohesion of all Community policies linked with tourism.	To be fully effective, the relaunch of tourism in Europe must figure in an achieve cohesion effort to of all Community policies linked with tourism.
From that time on, cohesion has gained importance, becoming a pillar of European integration and central to treaties and budgets.	From that time on, cohesion has gained becoming a pillar of European integration and central to treaties and budgets. 
Since the 1960s, U.S. gross national saving as a share of GDP has ranked sixth among a group of seven major industrialized countries- the G-7.	Since the 1960s, U.S. gross national saving as a share of GDP has ranked sixth among a group of industrialized countries- seven major the G-7.
Whether you have book price fixing everywhere or not, that is the trend.	Whether is have book price fixing everywhere or not, that you the trend.
The liberal structure of Europe, and the non-transparent way it is being created from the top down without the involvement of the people, is increasingly unacceptable.	The liberal structure of Europe, and the non-transparent way it is being created the top down without the involvement of the people, is increasingly unacceptable. 
Jack Lambert 's neighbor Max Mueller is revealed on the TV news to be the escaped Nazi war criminal Karl Luger who was sentenced to death by the courts .	Jack Lambert 's neighbor Max Mueller is revealed on the TV to be the escaped Nazi war criminal Karl Luger who was sentenced to death by the courts . 
It also follows Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain , a Maine college professor who is appointed a Lieutenant Colonel and becomes second-in-command of the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment .	It also follows Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain , a Maine college professor who is appointed a Lieutenant Colonel and beepers second-in-command of the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment .
Shin was dressed in the army 's uniform .	Shin was dressed in the awry 's uniform .
estimated demand and supply equations for agricultural commodities produced in the United States.	estimated demand supply equations for agricultural commodities produced in the United States. 
We will support you if you make a mistake, as we supported Mr Prodi when he told us about it, but perhaps we need someone to put their foot down and timescales to be respected and promises to become realities, Mr Kinnock.	We will support you if you make a mistake, as we supported Mr Prodi when he told us about but perhaps we need someone to put their foot down and timescales to be respected and promises to become realities, Mr Kinnock. 
The offices of the Internal Audit Service and the Central Financial Service have been set up in the same way.	The offices of the Internal Audit Service and the Central Financial Service have been sit up in the same way.
This film is a political satire based against municipal mafia in the form of Buildings &amp; Public roads .	This film is a political square based against municipal mafia in the form of Buildings &amp; Public roads .
   . – Mr President, Commissioner, today’s debate on these three much-needed programmes finds us seeking a common legal base for the areas of culture, education and youth.	   . – Mr President, Commissioner, today’s debate on these three much-needed programmes finds us seeking a common legal base for the areas of culture, education youth. 
We have voted for a national side on the euro coins, but with reservations.	We have voted for a national side on the euro but with reservations. 
The question is, of course, whether to leave it to the countries concerned to set the priorities or whether to decentralize the decision-taking more and involve the regions more closely in deciding the programmes.	The question is, of course, whether to leave it the to countries concerned to set the priorities or whether to decentralize the decision-taking more and involve the regions more closely in deciding the programmes.
Yong-ho is taken to visit a comatose Sun-im in a hospital .	Yong-ho is taken a comatose to visit Sun-im in a hospital .
Americans don't like to be constrained, whether physically or in our choices.	Americans don't like to be whether constrained, physically or in our choices.
both the United States Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to independently report, 90 days after enactment of this Act, on the scope of existing authority of the US Postal Service, under title 39, United States Code, and title 39, Code of Federal Regulations, to introduce and provide new products and services (including the introduction and provision of new products and service on an experimental or market test basis) and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers.	both the United States Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to independently report, 90 days after enactment of this Act, on the scope of existing authority of the US Postal Service, under title 39, United States Code, and title 39, Code of Friedel Regulations, to introduce and provide new products and services (including the introduction and provision of new products and service on an experimental or market test basis) and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers.
When Stanley -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Michael Lerner finds some men who will front Joe and the crew the cash , plans are laid for a trip to Vegas in the hope of scoring big .	When Stanley -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Michael Lerner finds some men who will Joe front and the crew the cash , plans are laid for a trip to Vegas in the hope of scoring big .
We are also able to support Amendments Nos 3 and 4.	We rae also able to support Amendments Nos 3 and 4.
A policeman initially tries to reject Abu 's passport application , but once he gets his usual bribe he becomes quite helpful .	A policeman initially tries to reject Abu 's passport application , but once he gets his usual bribe he quite helpful . 
Therefore, we definitely need a binding standard to which all network operators have to adhere.	Therefore, we definitely need a binding to which all network operators have to adhere. 
This would mean that Serbia would enter into an ambitious contractual relationship with the European Union at precisely the time when it starts making more intensive preparations for accession.	This would mean that Serbia would enter into an ambitious contractual relationship with the European Union at precisely the time when it starts making more incidence preparations for accession.
Fry sneaks aboard Zapp 's ship 's lint cabinet just before the ship takes off so that he can find solace on the other side of the anomaly .	Fry sneaks aboard 's Zapp ship 's lint cabinet just before the ship takes off so that he can find solace on the other side of the anomaly .
Thirdly, I will say that it is necessary to protect - and we are relying on the diligence of Commissioner Bolkestein who is responsible for this area - this system which we are putting in place on copyright, which is one of the great traditions of European culture which is in real danger in this new state of affairs.	Thirdly, I will say that it is necessary to protect - and we are relying on the diligence of Commissioner Bolkestein who is responsible for this area - this system watch we are putting in place on copyright, which is one of the great traditions of European culture which is in real danger in this new state of affairs.
Two cooks discuss and reconstruct an extravagant wedding feast which Gesualdo had ordered .	Too cooks discuss and reconstruct an extravagant wedding feast which Gesualdo had ordered .
In my view, more attention should be paid to the media, which is such a determining factor in social life.	In my view, more attention hsould be paid to the media, which is such a determining factor in social life.
Henery sneaks out his house at bedtime , then goes to the chickenhouse and soon finds a rooster and his hen , Hazel , who has a panic reaction at the sound of the words `` chicken hawk '' .	Henery sneaks out his house at bedtime , then goes to the chickenhouse and soon finds a rooster and his hen the Hazel , who has a panic reaction at the sound of , words `` chicken hawk '' .
Shortly after , Fazio wished to be the best magician in the world .	Shortly after , Fazio wished to be th ebest magician in the world .
After the ending credits we see that a magazine named Sylvie is published with the four friends on the cover and Alex 's book is out .	After the ending credits we see that a magazine named run is published with the four friends on the cover and Alex 's book is out .
This is a vast undertaking, a strategy that should do a great deal to ensure that the principles with which the European Union is endowed are implemented.	This is a vast undertaking, a strategy that should do a great deal to ensure that with which the principles the European Union is endowed are implemented.
Do you not think that the agenda of the IGC should include the question of European security and defence policy in order to supplement the treaties, if it appeared that, as the texts of the treaties stand at the moment, they do not allow for a real defence policy to be established?	Do you not think that the agenda of the IGC should include the question of European security and defence policy in order to supplement the if it appeared that, as the texts of the treaties stand at the moment, they do not allow for a real defence policy to be established? 
Parliament must render its attitude strictly subject to the guarantees the Algerian authorities will give with regard to keeping the promises they have made.	Parliament must render its attitude strictly subject to the guarantees the Algerian authorities with regard will give to keeping the promises they have made.
With just one parachute left , Bugs decides he and Sam should draw straws to see who gets it .	With just parachute left , Bugs decides he and Sam should draw straws to see who gets it . 
Many people have spoken about the issue of qualified majority voting, but I would remind you that this was not the only matter discussed.	Many people have spoken about the inure of qualified majority voting, but I would remind you that this was not the only matter discussed.
And in London he has only one clue that could take him to his destination - Ammu !	And in London he has only one clue toot could take him to his destination - Ammu !
This means the problem is not so much one of a border conflict between Sweden and Finland, but one of regional conflicts.	This means the problem isn ot so much one of a border conflict between Sweden and Finland, but one of regional conflicts.
He worms his way into their confidence .	He worms way his into their confidence .
It is these very rules and regulations that are a source of worry and that we should discuss in more detail today.	It is these very rules and regulations are a source of worry and that we should discuss in more detail today. 
Meanwhile, Fuzzy Zoeller lunched with Woods at a country club and has evidently patched things up.	Meanwhile, Fuzzy Zoeller lunched with Woods at a country has evidently club and patched things up.
Parliament has condemned the construction of the wall calling for building to be halted.	Parliament has condemned the construction of the wall for building to be halted. 
The Commission is able to accept Amendments 32 and 117 on condition that they are reworded.	The on is able to accept Amendments 32 and 117 Commission condition that they are reworded.
That is a very positive start to what will hopefully be the resumption of talks.	That is a very positive stout to what will hopefully be the resumption of talks.
Mac and Scott head towards Mac 's private warehouse , an artillery factory .	Mac and Scott towards Mac 's private warehouse , an artillery factory . 
The situation of the stock exchanges today reminds me of the history of the euro, and I want to draw your attention here to something we all need to remember: without political intervention, that is if it had been left to market forces alone, the euro would not exist today, or else it would be quite different from what it now is: a currency that inspires confidence, that is shared by so many Member States and that so many Member States aspire to adopt.	The situation of the stock exchanges today reminds me of the history of the euro, and I want to draw your attention here to something we all need to remember: without political intervention, that is if it had been left to market forces alone, the euro would not exist today, or else it would be quite different from what it Member is: a currency that inspires confidence, that is shared by so many now States and that so many Member States aspire to adopt.
Fun-loving Bobby is a mail clerk in a big firm , but he has a trump card , his best friend Waymon , an African-American who is almost a partner in the firm .	Fun-loving Bobby is a mail clerk in a big firm , but he has a trump card , his best friend Waymon , an African-American who is almost a partner the firm . 
The principles and practices we developed based on our interviews with leading organizations in the private sector and state government have enabled us to construct a framework to guide federal CIO organizations.	The principles and practices we developed based on our interviews with leading organizations in the private sector and state government have enabled us to construct a to guide federal CIO organizations. 
While secretly visiting a power-plant basement where his friend James McCord works , Lincoln discovers a live moth in a ventilation shaft , leading him to deduce that the outside world is not contaminated .	While secretly visiting a power-plant basement where his friend James McCord works , Lincoln discovers a live moth in a ventilation shaft , leading him to deduce thet the outside world is not contaminated .
The same legal arguments are being used as a scapegoat by the very same Members of Parliament who, under cover of a putative sacrosanct legal coherence, are in fact defending vast financial interests.	The same legal arguments are being used as a scapegoat by the very same Members of Parliament under cover of a putative sacrosanct legal coherence, are in fact defending vast financial interests. 
On the other hand, the European Council has stated that Israel must withdraw its forces from the areas that are under the control of the Palestinian Authority, put an end to extra judicial executions, remove its blockades and restrictions, impose a freeze on the building of settlements, and respect international law.	On the other hand, the European Council has stated that Israel must withdraw its from forces the areas that are under the control of the Palestinian Authority, put an end to extra judicial executions, remove its blockades and restrictions, impose a freeze on the building of settlements, and respect international law.
Action against military targets must therefore be permitted, particularly since aerial inspections are otherwise impossible due to the risk presented to the aircraft themselves.	Action against military targets must therefore be pneumonia, particularly since aerial inspections are otherwise impossible due to the risk presented to the aircraft themselves.
The Koviche 's reportedly flee town .	The Koviche 's recklessly flee town .
Many cities can only remain economically attractive, attractive to investors, if their transport systems work efficiently.	Many cities can only remain economically atrtactive, attractive to investors, if their transport systems work efficiently.
One of his accomplices , Costa Valdez , is only wounded during one of his hold ups , and with his help , l'Alpagueur manages to find l' pervier at the end .	One of his accomplices , Costa Valdez , is only wounded during one of his hold ups , and with his help , l'Alpagueur manages to l' pervier at the end . 
This is why, in matters relating to indirect taxation, the Commission has gradually established a minimum rate for excise duty, in order to reduce distortion of competition.	This is why, in matters relating to indirect taxation, the Commission has gradually established a minimum rate for excise duty, in order to reduce delegation of competition.
It is insufficient to reduce the weekly driving time, which is currently set at 56 hours, to 45 hours.	It is insufficient to reduce the weekly driving time, which is currently set 56 at hours, to 45 hours.
and uh i i'm just going to keep holding off but i'm definitely going to look for something uh in the you know nice performance you know yeah	and uh i i'm just going to keep holding off but i'm definitely to going look for something uh in the you know nice performance you know yeah
They meet and apologize for everything , and tell the couple that they have their support and that they would host a wedding for them .	They meet and apologize for everything . and tell the couple that they have their support and that they would host a wedding for them ,
As they search a small village , one of the party falls victim to a bomb planted in a small shack .	As they search a small vedette , one of the party falls victim to a bomb planted in a small shack .
In the final scene , we see Hilary taking bookings for the now-completed guest house while Ben reads through old love letters from his late wife .	In the final scene , we see Hilary taking bookings for now-completed guest house while Ben reads through old love letters from his late wife . 
I would just like to respond to Mr Corbett.	I would just lame to respond to Mr Corbett.
It does not reflect the cohesion requirements of the current enlargement.	It does not reflect the requirements of the current enlargement. 
She leads a lonely life after the death of her parents , which has embittered her .	She leads a lonely life after the death of her parents , which embittered her . 
The Commission’s forward programme for energy is now very busy.	The Commission’s forward programme for energy is very busy. 
rapporteur. - Mr President, according to our rules, after a rejection of a legislative proposal, it should be referred back to committee.	rapporteur. - Mr President, according to our rules, after a rejection of a proposal, legislative it should be referred back to committee.
Stephen finally balked at paying more money , so Ferris took the opportunity to get back at him .	Stephen balked at paying more money , so Ferris took the opportunity to get back at him . 
The Chinese commander Yi launches a full-scale attack on the castle but is beaten back by the Goguryeo secret weapon .	The Chinese commander Yi launches a full-scale attack on the is beaten castle but back by the Goguryeo secret weapon .
In fact, the specific commitments made by Commissioner Deus Pinheiro on behalf of the Commission are not totally acceptable as they are opposed by at least four Member States (Portugal, France, Spain and Italy).	In fact, the specific commitments made by Commissioner Deus Pinheiro on behalf of the Commission are not totally acceptable as they are opposed by at least four Member States (Portugal, Feirme, Spain and Italy).
Tarconi , who was following Frank , then arrives at the office .	Tarconi who , was following Frank , then arrives at the office .
Kasthuri decides to meet some astrologers and they say that if Lakshmipathi marries Dhanalakshmi he will certainly die .	Kasthuri decides to meet some accumulates and they say that if Lakshmipathi marries Dhanalakshmi he will certainly die .
The story begins in an area known as the `` Kingdom of Trolls '' , where a troll named Stanley resides .	The story in an area known as the `` Kingdom of Trolls '' , where a troll named Stanley resides . 
Other points to be covered in this general examination will be statutory limitation periods, traceability, burden of proof, types of injury covered, etcetera. The socio-economic importance of the directive - several speakers made this point - means we cannot make do with hasty solutions.	Other points to be covered in this general examination will be statutory limitation periods, traceability, baboon of proof, types of injury covered, etcetera. The socio-economic importance of the directive - several speakers made this point - means we cannot make do with hasty solutions.
Short Explanation : Bhavani Shankar and Narasimha are two warring leaders in that town .	Short Explanation : Bhavani Shankar and Narasimha are two warrign leaders in that town .
There she meets several members of her family and tries to start her life from scratches .	There she meets members of her family and tries to start her life from scratches . 
We are all - I hope - aware of the tragic situation these countries are experiencing.	We are all - I hype - aware of the tragic situation these countries are experiencing.
The previous speaker touched upon this - the dialogue can only prepare, accompany and supplement.	The previous speaker touched upon this - the dialogue can only accompany and supplement. 
This is a positive report and I would like to emphasise one aspect which we consider to be essential.	This is a positive report and I would like one aspect to emphasise which we consider to be essential.
Although not fully in line with what the Commission wanted in terms of composition and voting rules for the Management Board, the compromise proposal has made the management of the Agency considerably lighter and given the Executive Director the main management tasks.	Although not fully in line with what the Commission wanted in terms of composition and voting rules for Management Board, the compromise proposal has made the management of the Agency considerably lighter and given the Executive Director the main management tasks. 
Domino is distraught , and De Winter becomes similarly emotionally unstable .	Domino and distraught , is De Winter becomes similarly emotionally unstable .
She disappears and Chris Lecce and Bill Reimers are called upon due to their excellent surveillance record , to stake out a lakeside home where she is believed to be .	She disappears and Chris Lecce and Bill Charlie are called upon due to their excellent surveillance record , to stake out a lakeside home where she is believed to be .
Role | - | Somapala Dharmapriya | | Sena | - | Myrtle Fernando | | Anula | - | Sesha Palihakkara | | Miguel | - | Romulus de Silva | | Village Headman | - | Mallika Pilapitiya | | Premawathie | - | Iranganie Meedeniya | | Kathrina | - | D. R. Nanayakkara | | Sooty | - | N. R. Dias | | Podi Mahaththaya | - | Ananda Weerakoon | | Nimal | - | Winston Serasinghe | | Kumatheris | - | Nona Subaida | | Rosalin | -RCB-	Role | - | Somapala Dharmapriya | | Sena | - | Myrtle Fernando | | Anula | - | Sesha Palihakkara | | Miguel | - | Romulus de Silva | | Village Headman | - | Mallika Pilapitiya | | Premawathie | - | Iranganie Meedeniya | Kathrina | - | D. R. Nanayakkara | | Sooty | - | N. R. Dias | | Podi Mahaththaya | - | Ananda Weerakoon | | Nimal | - | Winston Serasinghe | | Kumatheris | - | Nona Subaida | | Rosalin | -RCB- 
I voted against the resolution, although I am firmly in favour of protecting animal welfare.	I voted against the resolution, although I am firmly in of protecting animal welfare. 
The killer then abducts an NYU student .	The then abducts an NYU student . 
But an unanticipated swarm of bees brings this little morality play to a sudden and painful conclusion for all concerned .	But an unanticipated swarm of bees bregas this little morality play to a sudden and painful conclusion for all concerned .
That brings us to the end of the explanations of vote.	Text brings us to the end of the explanations of vote.
Adams 's neutrality pleases neither side and often angers both .	Adams 's days pleases neither side and often angers both .
I agree that it makes sense not only to provide cover for the severest cases at EUR 10 million but to limit cover to that amount for each accident.	I agree that it makes sense not only to provide cover for the seatbelt cases at EUR 10 million but to limit cover to that amount for each accident.
We therefore call for the setting-up of a permanent EU Operational Headquarters in Brussels, with the capacity to independently plan and conduct ESDP military operations.	We therefore call for the setting-up of a permanent EU Operational Headquarters in Brussels, wish the capacity to independently plan and conduct ESDP military operations.
I MAY decide to pay for the witty articles and intelligent social commentary in Slate when you start charging.	I would decide to pay for the witty articles and intelligent social commentary in Slate when you start charging.
You can see that there is a list on it, with 97 entries.	You can see that there is on list a it, with 97 entries.
It is obvious that Ozzy likes Roxanna , but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-member type person , although Marissa has noted that he has n't been part of that crowd for quite some time .	It is obvious that Ozzy likes Roxanna , but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-member tyep person , although Marissa has noted that he has n't been part of that crowd for quite some time .
It is better that we have cohesive policy such as this one than that development policy should become fragmented.	It is better that we have cohesive policy such as this ode than that development policy should become fragmented.
This would be a common theme throughout the movie .	This would a common theme throughout the movie . 
They were there, in particular, to ensure the transfer of policing powers from the Westminster Parliament in London to the Assembly in Belfast.	They were there, in particular, to ensure the transfer of policing powers from the Wögerbauer Parliament in London to the Assembly in Belfast.
and so there's uh well i guess three or four different labs and they're all very nice uh computers all tied together on the LAN and one server that handles all the software so that the teachers don't have to go around to each machine and do their work they can control it from the machine the server it's it's a beautiful system but uh the only bad thing it seems to do is uh not the computer necessarily but the company the school system seems to put a little bit more pressure on the kids than uh than we had of course of course i guess with that learning comes that pressure	and so there's uh well i guess three or four different labs and they're all very nice uh computers all tied together on the LAN and one server that handles all the software so that the teachers don't have to go around to each machine and do their work they can control it from the machine the server it's it's a beautiful system but uh the only bad thing it seems to do is uh not the computer nationality but the company the school system seems to put a little bit more pressure on the kids than uh than we had of course of course i guess with that learning comes that pressure
He would like that.	He like that. 
The woman 's mother becomes offended at John 's rejection of her daughter .	The wagon 's mother becomes offended at John 's rejection of her daughter .
The Court also gives a qualified opinion to the policy group Economic and financial affairs due to errors found in transactions relating to the Sixth Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development.	The Court also gives a qualified opinion to the policy group Economic and financial affairs to due errors found in transactions relating to the Sixth Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development.
In April this year the Commission notified a letter of formal notice to Ireland under Article 226 of the EC Treaty in which it drew attention to the general failure to complete the Irish SPA network.	In April this year the notified a letter of formal notice to Ireland under Article 226 of the EC Treaty in which it drew attention to the general failure to complete the Irish SPA network. 
Jesus is taken away to be crucified , though He pauses the Via Dolorosa to heal a group of cripples in an alley , regardless of His weakened condition .	Jesus is taken away to be crucified , though He pauses the Via Dolorosa to heal a group of cripples in an alley , regardless of His weakened campervan .
All three are womanizers and usually end up sleeping with different women .	All three are womanizers and usually end up different women sleeping with .
In a Europe without borders and with freedom of movement, information needs to be shared among the Member States.	In a Europe without borders and with freedom of movement, information needs to be shared Member States. among the
As for the arguments as to whether or not the lobbying we have had represents patients - I believe this is a sterile debate.	As for the arguments as to whether or not the lobbying we have had recognizes patients - I believe this is a sterile debate.
Seita and Setsuko finally decide to leave and move into an abandoned bomb shelter .	Seita and Setsuko to leave finally decide and move into an abandoned bomb shelter .
This subject is, I believe, one that concerns many of us, since several well-focused speeches have explored it and sought to spur the Commission into action.	This subejct is, I believe, one that concerns many of us, since several well-focused speeches have explored it and sought to spur the Commission into action.
First and foremost, it comes down to creating a united energy system around the Baltic Sea.	First and foremost, it comes down to creating a united energy system around Baltic Sea. 
This means that we will have a clear list of the progress, or lack of it, that Turkey has made on the political, economic and social requirements.	This mates that we will have a clear list of the progress, or lack of it, that Turkey has made on the political, economic and social requirements.
It is very important that we maintain an appropriate balance between the current presidency and Head of Government, and the President of the European Council, Mr Van Rompuy.	It is very important that we maintain an appropriate balance between the current presidency and Head of Government, and the President of the European Council, Mr Van Romani.
There is no doubt that we in Parliament will have to exert pressure if it is to succeed.	There is no doubt that we in Parliament will have to exert pressure i fit is to succeed.
In the absence of an indigenous alphabet, Japanese scholars had with the greatest difficulty tried to adapt the complex ideograms of monosyllabic Chinese to the essentially polysyllabic Japanese.	In the absence of an indigenous alphabet, Japanese scholars had with the grossest difficulty tried to adapt the complex ideograms of monosyllabic Chinese to the essentially polysyllabic Japanese.
We must be aware that the Nabucco gas pipeline project is of strategic importance to the security of Europe's gas supply as it is the only project guaranteeing diversification of both suppliers and distribution routes.	We mast be aware that the Nabucco gas pipeline project is of strategic importance to the security of Europe's gas supply as it is the only project guaranteeing diversification of both suppliers and distribution routes.
In the current economic crisis and especially in countries like Romania, which are currently negotiating loans from international financial institutions, it is vital for banks to resume their main function, which is to provide the population with credit again.	In the current economic crisis and especially in countries like Romania, which are currently negotiating loans from international financial institutions, it population vital for banks to resume their main function, which is to provide the is with credit again.
I could have sworn I had my 10-foot pole right here ...	I could have sworn I had 10-foot pole right here ... 
She realized her mistakes and asked him to forgive her .	She realized her mistakes and asked him to high her .
He is devastated though to find the money eaten by the goat .	He devastated though to find the money eaten by the goat . 
With a malicious grin on his face , Buzz pulls out his tomahawk and starts for Woody , intending to acquire Woody 's feather bonnet for the maid .	With a on his malicious grin face , Buzz pulls out his tomahawk and starts for Woody , intending to acquire Woody 's feather bonnet for the maid .
I think we should first of all deal with the agenda, that is, the first item on the agenda.	I think we seeped first of all deal with the agenda, that is, the first item on the agenda.
Coincidentally this is not the first time that Frank Welker has done the voice of Scott Menville 's pet as the two of them did the voice of Ma-Ti and his pet monkey Suchi in the 1990-96 cartoon Captain Planet and the Planeteers .	Coincidentally this is not the first time that Frank Welker has done the voice of Scott Menville 's pet as the two of them did the voice of Ma-Ti his pet monkey Suchi in the 1990-96 cartoon Captain Planet and the Planeteers . 
Thus, we see that Ms Merkies has quite correctly included in her report a paragraph calling on the Commission to develop an integrated indicator system that would allow better monitoring and assessment of progress and the measurable impact of innovation policies and programmes in the EU.	Thus, we see that Ms Modinis has quite correctly included in her report a paragraph calling on the Commission to develop an integrated indicator system that would allow better monitoring and assessment of progress and the measurable impact of innovation policies and programmes in the EU.
Secondly, I would like to respond to what Mr Reinhard Rack said about the burden of the past.	Secondly, I would like to respond to what Mr Reinhard Rack about said the burden of the past.
I think that what we need is a balanced European economy.	I think that what we need a balanced European economy. 
He goes to Buford with a movie deal , which Buford is reluctant to sign since it will require filming the ambush that killed his wife .	He goes to Buford with a movie deal , which Buford is reluctant to sign since it will require filming the ambush test killed his wife .
After taking care of his wounds , Aarthi and Gautham decide to seek down those who misled them .	After taking care of his wounds , Aarthi and Gautham decide to seek down those who misled . 
Damayanthi Kariyawasam is a mischievous school girl .	Damayanthi Kariyawasam is a girl . mischievous school
A year later , Scoville and Susan Kendrick enter their horses in a race at the State Fair .	A year later , Scoville aud Susan Kendrick enter their horses in a race at the State Fair .
Burroughs tells them he bought the farm from her and met her once when they were in escrow ; that `` Jim '' spoke with her mostly .	Burroughs tells them bought he the farm from her and met her once when they were in escrow ; that `` Jim '' spoke with her mostly .
All of these questions need to be answered.	All of questions need to be answered. 
The resulting match has Sach going back and forth from being hypnotized to being aware of reality .	The resulting match has Sach going back and forth from being hypnotized aware of to being reality .
In my own country, the Netherlands, we have exercised extreme caution ever since a terrible disaster in a fireworks factory in Enschede.	In my own country, the Netherlands, we hone exercised extreme caution ever since a terrible disaster in a fireworks factory in Enschede.
Saint-Malo remains an important fishing port, ferry terminal, and yacht harbor.	Saint-Malo remains an important port, ferry terminal, and yacht harbor. 
The Vale of Kashmir, 1,700 m (5,000 ft) above sea level, has historically offered much-needed respite for conquerors and travelers alike.	The Vale 1,700 m of Kashmir, (5,000 ft) above sea level, has historically offered much-needed respite for conquerors and travelers alike.
Key and Citra , despite their beauty , are for some unexplained reason very unlucky in love and fear that they will end up as spinsters .	Key and Citra , despite their , are for some unexplained reason very unlucky in love and fear that they will end up as spinsters . 
If, in pursuit of that strategy, we do not use all the means at our disposal in the European Union, including the guidelines - and perhaps especially the guidelines - we will get nowhere and we will merely foster disillusionment about the Union's ability to tackle globalisation.	If, in pursuit of that strategy, we do not use all the means at our disposal in the European Union, including the guidelines - and perhaps especially the guidelines - we will get nowhere and we will merely fencer disillusionment about the Union's ability to tackle globalisation.
A study of the health map of Europe leads one to the sad conclusion that, in a sense, the Iron Curtain is still with us.	A study of the health map of Europe lacks one to the sad conclusion that, in a sense, the Iron Curtain is still with us.
Mr President, having voted for this resolution, I would like to make three comments.	three President, having voted for this resolution, I would like to make Mr comments.
If we want to be sure of having a free European judicial area, in accordance with constitutional principles, asylum must now be regarded as the major omission from the Treaty of Amsterdam, since it was not possible to set up a European judicial area proffering simultaneously guarantees of freedom and security.	If we want to be sure of having a free European judicial area, in accordance with principles, asylum must now be regarded as the major omission from the Treaty of Amsterdam, since it was not possible to set up a European judicial area proffering simultaneously guarantees of freedom and security. 
The film was a commercial disaster , selling less than 40,000 tickets in the Paris region .	, film was a commercial disaster The selling less than 40,000 tickets in the Paris region .
I agree with the proposal that the interest-bearing deposit and the fine should be identical for Member States whose currency is the euro, in order to ensure equal treatment for all Member States.	I agree with the proposal that the interest-bearing deposit and the fine should be identical for Member States whose currency is the euro, in older to ensure equal treatment for all Member States.
Madam President, I should like to begin by congratulating and thanking the rapporteur for the report that we are now debating. The report manages to blend in the opinions of our other interested and competent parliamentary committees, and it comes before the House in its present form after a great deal of discussion and many amendments in the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment, on behalf of which I speak.	Madam President, I should like to begin by congratulating and thanking toe rapporteur for the report that we are now debating. The report manages to blend in the opinions of our other interested and competent parliamentary committees, and it comes before the House in its present form after a great deal of discussion and many amendments in the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment, on behalf of which I speak.
ESF resources are in short supply, and we must bear this in mind when considering the compromises that have materialised.	ESF resources are in short supply, and we must bear tugs in mind when considering the compromises that have materialised.
Mr President, when this regulation came before Parliament at first reading, I opposed attempts to allow mercury to be stored, not only in salt mines but also in underground facilities adapted for waste disposal.	Mr President, when this regulation came before Parliament at first reading, I opposed attempts to allow mercury to be stored, not only in salt mines but also in underground facilities awaited for waste disposal.
Finland's good record in this area could be taken as a model of good practice for the other Member States.	Finland's good this area record in could be taken as a model of good practice for the other Member States.
Kim has realized that he is hooked on her , and is very aware of his jealously-driven actions toward her and her family .	Kym has realized that he is hooked on her , and is very aware of his jealously-driven actions toward her and her family .
Gong-gil asks Jangsaeng what he would like to return as in his next life and Jangsaeng replies that he would still choose to be a clown .	Gong-gil asks Jnagsaeng what he would like to return as in his next life and Jangsaeng replies that he would still choose to be a clown .
In other words, we now have a situation in which there are absolutely no criteria for evaluation.	In other words, we now have a situation in there are absolutely no criteria for evaluation. 
Both mice march in to confront their `` wives '' , but the cat beats them up and the two mice go to sleep at park to get away from their `` aggressive wives '' .	Both mice continues in to confront their `` wives '' , but the cat beats them up and the two mice go to sleep at park to get away from their `` aggressive wives '' .
I think we should now do everything possible in order to wrap up this important piece of legislation under the Portuguese Presidency so that we have a legal basis for political foundations and a basis for more flexible financial management in the 2008 budget year.	I think we should now do everything possible in order to wrap up this important piece of legislation under the Portuguese Presidency so that we have a legal basis for political foundations and a basis for more flexible financial management in the 2008 year. budget
Jumping to 2029 , the narrator explains the mission , ` Project Olympus ' and shows the four NTR spacecraft : Cargo lander Shirase , Mars Surface Habitat Atlantis , Mars lander Gagarin , and Crew Transfer Vehicle Terra Nova .	Jumping to 2029 , the narrator explains the mission , ` Projec tOlympus ' and shows the four NTR spacecraft : Cargo lander Shirase , Mars Surface Habitat Atlantis , Mars lander Gagarin , and Crew Transfer Vehicle Terra Nova .
We all know why this is. Exploding oil prices, agricultural problems, the depreciation in the euro.	We all know this is. Exploding oil prices, agricultural problems, the depreciation in the euro. 
All Internet surfers are imprisoned there too.	All Internet surfers are imprisoned too. 
While he is gone , Cyril tells Norman that he and Celia have been sent away because their parents will be splitting up , and not because of the bombs , and he is unsure where he and Celia will have to live .	While he is gone , Cyril tells Norman that and Celia have been sent away because their parents will be splitting up , and not because of the bombs , and he is unsure where he and Celia will have to live . 
There is now a plethora of measures by means of which local authorities and regions protect the environment and their Sunday rest, and try to level out dangerous peaks in traffic.	There is now a plethora of measures means of which local authorities and regions protect the environment and their Sunday rest, and try to level out dangerous peaks in traffic. 
Among the priorities of Europe 2020, that of smart growth based on both the knowledge economy and on innovation stands out.	Among priorities of Europe 2020, that of smart growth based on both the knowledge economy and on innovation stands out. 
When the Romans crew sent with the message of the ransom do n't return , the pirates plan to kill him .	When the Romans crew sent with the message of the ransom do n't return , the pirates plan kill him . 
The short ends showing Casper and Fido in the wrong version of Heaven , sitting on clouds , Fido plays a lyre while Daffy and Casper lament their mistakes .	The short ends showing Casper and Fido in the wrong version of Heaven , sitting on clouds , Fido plays a lyre Daffy while and Casper lament their mistakes .
He and Lucy are shocked and distressed to find a gravestone marked with Sara 's and Georgie 's name .	He and Lucy are shocked and distressed find a gravestone marked with Sara 's and Georgie 's name . 
Palmer and Ben recruit three gun men to help them and their mission is successful but when they go to get their payment they are trapped by treacherous officials .	Palmer and Ben recruit three gun men to help them and their mission is successful but when they go to their payment they are trapped by treacherous officials . 
Ladies and gentlemen, I believe that we have done our work well in the committee.	Ladies and gentlemen, I believe that we have done work well in the committee. 
However , Robert has a crush on Jane , and she starts beginning to get in his way of working .	However , Robert has a crush on Jane , and she statrs beginning to get in his way of working .
And one more question: do you believe that the conflict to which you referred is part of Russian policy in this region?	And ode more question: do you believe that the conflict to which you referred is part of Russian policy in this region?
If we want to act in the interests of the citizens of the European Union, we should invest precisely in the field of atomic research, development and education.	If we want to act in the interests of the citizens of the European USITs, we should invest precisely in the field of atomic research, development and education.
So far, however, I have not received an answer to my question.	So far, however, I have not received answer to my question. 
Or do you want to give aid to Nagorno-Karabakh via the Latchin corridor, which would go against international law?	Or do you want to aid to Nagorno-Karabakh via the Latchin corridor, which would go against international law? 
The serious GDP growth is in the Pacific rim, India and China, notwithstanding other parts of the Pacific and Japan, so we must be extremely careful not to burn any bridges when dealing with the United States, which also has a very serious protectionist element in its society.	The serious GDP growth is in the Pacific rim, India and China, notwithstanding other parts of the Pacific aid Japan, so we must be extremely careful not to burn any bridges when dealing with the United States, which also has a very serious protectionist element in its society.
The article includes a photo of the three of them , plus two strangers , who formed a short-lived government .	The article includes a photo of the three of them , plus strangers , who formed a short-lived government . 
The step from space travel research projects to the commercial use of satellite communications is of the greatest economic and political importance to Europe.	The step from space travel research projects to the commercial use of satellite communications of the greatest economic and political importance to Europe. 
My 'yes' vote, though, is intended primarily to strengthen those in Czech public life, in political parties, parliament and government, who have come to recognise that, rather than having to drag the ballast of history into the future, a people that finds the strength to face up to the whole of its own history reaps honour rather than humiliation.	My 'yes' vote, though, is intended primarily to strengthen those in Czech public life, in political parties, parliament and government, who have come to recognise that, rather than having to drag the boldest of history into the future, a people that finds the strength to face up to the whole of its own history reaps honour rather than humiliation.
During both World War I and World War II , the Women 's Land Army was set up in the United Kingdom , to recruit women to work at farms where men had left to go to war .	During both World War I and World War II , the Women 's Land Army was set up in the United Kingdom , to recruit women work at farms where men had left to go to war . 
The youngest Reno brother is laid to rest at the family farm .	The youngest Reno brother is laid to rest att he family farm .
I think the reason there you go has no such unpleasant connotations is that it describes, in the retail context, the state in which the customer finds him- or herself after successful completion of the purchase.	I think the reason there you go has no such unpleasant connotations is that it describes, in the retail context, the state in wrath the customer finds him- or herself after successful completion of the purchase.
The UN High Commissioner and the OSCE have condemned the fact that, one year on from the arrival of the KFOR forces in the area, the minorities living in Kosovo, mainly Serbs and Gypsies, are still unprotected.	The UN High Commissioner and the OSCE have condemned the fact that, one year on from the arrival of the KFOR forces in the area, the minorities ilving in Kosovo, mainly Serbs and Gypsies, are still unprotected.
A paper tiger instead of a comprehensive horizontal directive perhaps?	A paper tiger instead of a comprehensive horizontal directive second
As far as I am concerned, a mere strategy of reduction - Mrs Van Brempt, in her report, proposes a reduction of 50% - is not efficient.	as I As far am concerned, a mere strategy of reduction - Mrs Van Brempt, in her report, proposes a reduction of 50% - is not efficient.
She rushes to save Joel , but he does not recognize her and instead turns to Clara\/Lorna .	She rushes to save Joel , he does not recognize her and instead turns to Clara\/Lorna . 
The result is, therefore, a result that is due to everyone, but I too would like to express my satisfaction that you, Commissioner de Palacio, focused on this objective with great tenacity, together with the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteur and also ourselves as members of the committee.	The result is, therefore, a result that is due to everyone, but I too would like express my satisfaction that you, Commissioner de Palacio, focused on this objective with great tenacity, together with the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteur and also ourselves as members of the committee. 
Kate finds Simon and stabs him in the eye after he grabs her .	Kate finds Simon stabs him in the eye after he grabs her . 
Precisely because Morocco is our friend, because Morocco is the strong party in the relationship, we must forcefully request that it is no longer possible to postpone this desire and follow up with all consequent actions.	Precisely because Morocco is our friend, because Morocco is the strong party in the relationship, we must forcefully request that it no longer possible to postpone this desire and follow up with all consequent actions. 
One day , filmmaker Lohithadas , a friend of Unni , visits Seetha and informs her that Unni was killed by the Bombay underworld and the AIDS-news was all crafted by the wicked media .	One day , filmmaker Lohithadas , a friend of Unni , visits Seetha and informs her that Unni wis killed by the Bombay underworld and the AIDS-news was all crafted by the wicked media .
So it comes as quite a surprise to its real owner , Victor Monte , when a total stranger begins behaving as if the place is hers .	So it comes as quite a surprise to its real owner , Victor Monte , when a total stranger begins behaving as if is place the hers .
It is to be hoped that the Security Council will also search its conscience, review MONUC's mandate, increase the number of troops and do everything necessary to speed up the application of the peace accords and the installation of new structures, so that in a few years' time it will not be faced once more with the realisation that Congo is still being plundered.	It is to be hoped that the Security Council will also search its conscience, review MONUC's mandate, increase the number of troops and do everything necessary to speed up the application of the peace accords and the installation of new structures, so in a few years' time it will not be faced once more with the realisation that Congo is still being plundered. 
As general rapporteur of the 2007 budget, I can assure you that I will be keeping a very close eye to make sure that the funds are properly and efficiently spent.	As general rapporteur of the 2007 budget, I can you that I will be keeping a very close eye to make sure that the funds are properly and efficiently spent. 
It is essential that a large proportion of EU budget resources for financial instruments are aimed at enhancing SME finance and tackling market failures.	It is essential that a large proportion of EU budget resources for financial are instruments aimed at enhancing SME finance and tackling market failures.
You now adopt decisions by codecision.	You now decisions adopt by codecision.
The conduct-of-business rules have been used by Member States to impose their own host-state rules where they are neither necessary nor desirable and I would include the UK in that.	The conduct-of-business rules have been used by Member States to impose their own host-state rules where they are neither necessary nor disrepute and I would include the UK in that.
and they said it is so safe there that you can leave your purse on the subway	and they said it safe there is so that you can leave your purse on the subway
For the new Member States, including Poland, it will amount to a penalty for joining the Union.	For the new Member States, including Poland, it will amount to Union. penalty for joining the a
There is a shortage of basic necessities such as drinking water and food.	There is a shortage of basic necessities such as drinking water amd food.
Jos , however , drives too close to the plane , causing it to crash and burst into flame .	Jos , however , drives too close to the plane , causing it to crash aid burst into flame .
He is assigned to defend Mike Downey , a member of the Aryan Brotherhood who is accused of a brutal , racially motivated murder .	He is assigned to defend Mike Downey , a member of the Aryan Brotherhood who is accuesd of a brutal , racially motivated murder .
Report (A5-0066/1999) by Mr Napolitano, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the amendments to the Rules of Procedure following the interinstitutional agreement of 25 May 1999 on the internal investigations conducted by the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF)	Report (A5-0066/1999) by Mr Napolitano, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the amendments to by Rules of Procedure following the interinstitutional agreement of 25 May 1999 on the internal investigations conducted the the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF)
If this concept is unknown to society, its solidarity is unable to help.	If this concept is unknown to society, its solidarity is unripe to help.
What is more, we in the European Parliament are a more suitable forum than national parliaments for the discussion of this issue, since everywhere in the Member States there are ideological battles about the concept of the family, about what does and does not constitute a family.	What is more, we in the European Parliament are a more suitable forum than national parliaments for the discussion of this issue, since everywhere in Member the States there are ideological battles about the concept of the family, about what does and does not constitute a family.
Madam President, we too support this agreement with the Himalayan State of Nepal which, as explained in this report, is faced with two major infrastructure problems, namely the problem of electricity supplies and the problem of drinking-water supplies.	Madam President, we too support this agreement with the Himalayan State of Nepal which, as explained in this report, is faced with two major infrastructure problems, namely the problem of electricity supplies and problem the of drinking-water supplies.
Lastly I want to say a few words about the delays in the authorisation process, which was mentioned by a number of speakers.	Lastly I want to say a few words about the delays in toe authorisation process, which was mentioned by a number of speakers.
This will enable Ukraine to gradually come closer to the EU.	This will enable Ukraine to come closer to the EU. 
But the bull is riding in the back seat of Daffy 's vehicle , unbeknownst to Daffy .	But bull is riding in the back seat of Daffy 's vehicle , unbeknownst to Daffy . 
Rule 156 gives the President enormous power in this respect, even if the Conference of Presidents disagrees with him.	Rule 156 gives the President enormous power in this respect, even if the of Presidents disagrees with him. 
Osuofia , a bamboozled villager -LRB- ref namehttp : \/ \/ www.telegraph.co.uk\/news\/worldnews\/1550776\/In-Nollywood-lights-camera-action-is-best-case-scenario.html | titleFreeman | firstThe Daily Telegraph | publisher27 August 2010 | location6 May 2007 -RCB- -RCB- from Nigeria , travels to London , England to receive his share of an inheritance left for him by a deceased relative .	Osuofia , a bamboozled villager -LRB- ref namehttp : \/ \/ party | titleFreeman | firstThe Daily Telegraph | publisher27 August 2010 | location6 May 2007 -RCB- -RCB- from Nigeria , travels to London , England to receive his share of an inheritance left for him by a deceased relative .
Although against the crews better judgment , the director Steven watches the films .	Although against the crews better judgment , the director Steven watches films . 
Mr President, in his report Mr Elles says that it is essential for policymakers to focus on what the real challenges will be for the EU in the years ahead.	Mr President, in his report Mr Elles says that it is essential for policymakers to focus on what the real challenges will be for the EU in the years area?.
Where? cried Tuppence.	Where? Tuppence. 
Soon after , he is demoted from editor in chief of a publishing house during a takeover by ruthless tycoon Raymond Alden , who replaces him with Will 's ambitious prot g Stewart Swinton .	Soon after , he is demoted from editor in chief of a publishing house during a takeover by ruthless tycoon Raymond Alden , who replaces hom with Will 's ambitious prot g Stewart Swinton .
Lustbader i'm going to write that one down yeah because	Lustbader that going to write i'm one down yeah because
The present directive cannot address that issue either.	The present directive cannot address that issue fisheries
I was asked one specific question, and another rhetorical question to which I will return.	I was asked one specific question, and another rhetorical question to which I well return.
good uh let's see so uh were we right in the Middle East	good uh let's see so uh were we right in the as East
It really is therefore necessary for a new programme to take a rights-based approach, fully involving disabled people and their parents.	It really is therefore necessary for a new programme to tyre a rights-based approach, fully involving disabled people and their parents.
They have swallowed whole the arguments of the duty-free industry.	swallowed whole They have the arguments of the duty-free industry.
In the wake of recent international developments, a fourth issue will probably be added to the agenda, namely the fight against terrorism.	In the wake of recent international developments, a fourth issue will probably be added to the agenda, namely the fight terrorism. 
To select a profession and be someone , Angad chooses to become a fighter pilot with the Indian Air Force .	To select a profession and be someone , Angad to become a fighter pilot with the Indian Air Force . 
I can only conclude that the opinion polls have obviously made him very nervous, and this was also an opportunity like no other!	I can only conclude that the opinion polls have obviously made him very nervous, and this was also an opportunity lace no other!
Declarations alone, without concrete action, are just hollow words.	Declarations alone, without concrete action, are just hollow way...
Back in my region - and by the way, Robert Evans, the United Kingdom is now producing cars close to its historic high level and we have more car producers making cars in the United Kingdom than any other European Union country, so please do not run down our car industry - on my local motorway, we have Britain's first intelligent highway which opens lanes and controls speeds according to the traffic flow, and I can tell you that not only does traffic flow more smoothly, but fuel consumption has also been improved: it is a win-win-win situation.	Back in my region - and by the way, Robert Evans, the United Kingdom is now producing cars close to its historic high level and we have more car pandemics making cars in the United Kingdom than any other European Union country, so please do not run down our car industry - on my local motorway, we have Britain's first intelligent highway which opens lanes and controls speeds according to the traffic flow, and I can tell you that not only does traffic flow more smoothly, but fuel consumption has also been improved: it is a win-win-win situation.
We have never been a moral majority, concedes one.	We have been a moral majority, concedes one. 
Although each part of the world has its own specific nature, relations between the Union and the countries of the southern Mediterranean are marked by the weight of history, a history of conflict, lack of understanding and instability, a troubled, even tragic, history.	Although each part of the world has its own specific nature, relations between the Union and the countries of the southern Mediterranean are marked by the weight of history, a history of conflict, lack of understanding and instability, a remains even tragic, history.
Naturally, we must concentrate more on services, on knowledge and information and on creating experiences, that is, on areas which are both socially and environmentally positive for people and for the world around us.	Naturally, we must concentrate more on services, on knowledge and information amd on creating experiences, that is, on areas which are both socially and environmentally positive for people and for the world around us.
It was Radhika , who legally offered bail for Hari Narayanan , responsible to repay this amount .	It was Radhika , who legally offered bail for Hari Narayanan , to repay this amount . 
Unfortunately all this will turn out to be useless if the reform proposal, which the European Commission proposes, is included in Agenda 2000, and this is because it introduces elements which are prejudicial to the correct working of this sector.	Unfortunately all this will turn out to be useless if the reform proposal, which the European Commission proposes, is included in Agenda 2000, and this is because it elements which are prejudicial to the correct working of this sector. 
Barnaby , who had been spying on everyone , shrinks down the Toymaker and Tom .	Barnaby , who had been spying on shrinks down everyone , the Toymaker and Tom .
The northern regions are also involved in a number of cross-border programmes, which include firstly the EUR 46.6 million INTERREG programme for Greece and Turkey, which was approved in late 2003, although no measures have yet been implemented under it.	The northern regions are also involved in a number of cross-border which programmes, include firstly the EUR 46.6 million INTERREG programme for Greece and Turkey, which was approved in late 2003, although no measures have yet been implemented under it.
That is the basic cultural understanding of the European Union, which we not only want to cultivate internally but also need to convey to the outside world.	That is the basic cultural understanding of European Union, which we not only want to cultivate internally but also need to convey to the outside world. 
Mrs Read is right.	Mrs Read right. 
This proposal is still being discussed, but the Council is expecting a new proposal to be forwarded, amending the decision on Community guidelines for the development of the trans-European transport network, adopted by the Commission on 1 October 2003, just a few days ago.	This proposal is still being discussed, but the Council is expecting a new proposal to be forwarded, amending the decision on Community guidelines for the development of the trans-European transport network, adopted by the Commission on 148-member 2003, just a few days ago.
However , when Rita learns by chance that Janice is moving to Montreal , and that Larry is going on a business trip there , she figures it out .	However , when Rufa learns by chance that Janice is moving to Montreal , and that Larry is going on a business trip there , she figures it out .
The Commission remains committed to putting these negotiations back on track, with the aim of reaching an ambitious and balanced agreement.	The Commission remains committed to putting these negotiations back on track, the aim of reaching an ambitious and balanced agreement. 
He makes a dash for the police radio he has dropped outside but is caught by the zombies who tear his chest apart and eviscerate him , and begin eating his organs .	He makes a dash for the police radio he has dropped outside but is caught by the zombies who tear his chest apart and eviscerate him , and begin eating organs . 
NOMINAL (OR FACE OR PAR) VALUE OR AMOUNT -The amount of a bond, note, mortgage, or other security as stated in the instrument itself, exclusive of interest or dividend accumulations.	NOMINAL (OR FACE OR PAR) VALUE OR AMOUNT -The amount of a bond, note, mortgage, or other security as stated in the instrument itself, exclusive interest of or dividend accumulations.
When he attempts to detonate a charge to destroy a French ammunition train , he is shot by an arrow in the shoulder .	When he attempts to detonate a charge to destroy a French ammunition train , he is shot by an arrow in shoulder . 
He sets out to look for the killer .	He sets out to look for the . 
Thirdly, we need to facilitate and simplify legal immigration.	Thirdly, we need to facilitate and simplify label immigration.
For example, when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household, any gain realized may be used to finance the seller's consumption, but the transaction does not increase the nation's income or output.	For example, when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household, any gain realized may be used to finance the seller's consumption, but the transactoin does not increase the nation's income or output.
Such action would resolve nothing and disrupt the very work that must be urgently done.	Such actio nwould resolve nothing and disrupt the very work that must be urgently done.
Bobby breaks the Uptown rules and reveals himself to Emily to confess his love for her , and Emily informs him that he is actually Lenny 's father .	Bobby breaks the Uptown rules and reveals himself to Emily to confess his love for her , aid Emily informs him that he is actually Lenny 's father .
Mr Dess's report also takes into account the problem relating to livestock farmers in the countries applying the Single Area Payment Scheme (SAPS), the majority of whom do not own the land and, therefore, do not receive direct payments.	Mr Dess's report also takes into account the problem relating to livestock farmers in the countries applying the Single Area Posselt Scheme (SAPS), the majority of whom do not own the land and, therefore, do not receive direct payments.
yeah i was going to say our mortgage is is between depending on you know it it drops um seems like in the last six months we um got lucky and we refinanced and it but it was like eight hundred and something but it went down to like seven hundred and twenty	yeah i was going to say our mortgage is is between depending on you know it it drops um seems like in the last six months we um got lucky and we good and it but it was like eight hundred and something but it went down to like seven hundred and twenty
Bob learns that Nan is safe and he has a new son .	Bob learns that Nan is safe and he has new a son .
Mr President, we are able to support an extension to the proposal but, at the same time, I would draw attention to the fact that Agenda 2000, which was decided upon last year in Berlin, is based, of course, upon our looking towards free trade and endeavouring to reduce the present level of aid and to reach a number of agreements under the aegis of the WTO whereby, by virtue of market mechanisms, we can obtain greater access to the many markets out in the world.	Mr President, we are able to support an extension to the proposal but, at the same time, I would draw attention to the fact that Agenda 2000, which was decided upon last year in Berlin, is based, of course, upon our looking towards free trade and endeavouring to reduce the present level of aid and to reach a number of agreements under the aegis of the WTO whereby, by virtue of market mechanisms, we can obtain to the greater access many markets out in the world.
It is not enough to recognise that the freedom to provide services is not superior to fundamental rights, in particular, the right of trade unions to take industrial action, especially since this is a constitutional right in several Member States.	It is not since to recognise that the freedom to provide services is not superior to fundamental rights, in particular, the right of trade unions to take industrial action, especially enough this is a constitutional right in several Member States.
Thomas finds his sister naked and levitating in her room , covered in blood , being raped by an invisible demon .	Thomas finds his sister naked and levitating in her room covered , in blood , being raped by an invisible demon .
His only blunder is in his treatment of the messenger Bhoja , who is perplexed by the idea that Kishen has sent a letter from his business trip only to receive it himself in his own house and offended when the ghost does not offer him a drink of water .	His only blunder is his treatment of the messenger Bhoja , who is perplexed by the idea that Kishen has sent a letter from his business trip only to receive it himself in his own house and offended when the ghost does not offer him a drink of water . 
If the Council had heeded the European Parliament when Fatos Nano was arrested and had done something about that, if it had listened to the European Parliament after the irregular elections, if it had taken note of the European Parliament's resolution last month and acted immediately, or even if it had kept its distance from the Berisha regime like the United States, things would perhaps have been better today.	If the Council had heeded the European Parliament when Fatos Nano was arrested and had done something about that, if it had listened to the European Parliament after the irregular elections, if it had taken note of the European Parliament's last resolution month and acted immediately, or even if it had kept its distance from the Berisha regime like the United States, things would perhaps have been better today.
Bichero realizes he 's escaped and sets a henchman on him .	Bichero realizes he 's escaped and sins a henchman on him .
Now Sandhay and SP re-unite as siblings .	Now Sandhay and SP as siblings . 
She tells her brother what has happened and they rush to Nishi 's location .	She tells her brother what has happened and they rush to Nishi 's long-run .
Again, if we look at the car industry, we have had the bloc exemption in the car industry as far as the sale of cars is concerned. That really is using competition policy as a mechanism for industry policy.	Again, if we look at the industry, we have had the bloc exemption in the car industry as far as the sale of cars is concerned. That really is using competition policy as a mechanism for industry policy. 
Her mother thinks about getting Julie an abortion , but a devout Christian talks her out of it .	Her mother thinks about getting Julie an abortion , but a revenge Christian talks her out of it .
George promises Kristina a vacation in California and seeks one last deal to garner enough money for the trip .	George promises Kristina a vacation in California last seeks one and deal to garner enough money for the trip .
That is why the European Council will deal with two of our most obvious long-term challenges: our economic future, and climate change.	That is why the European Council will dual with two of our most obvious long-term challenges: our economic future, and climate change.
Alan is immediately captivated by Beatrice and begins to pursue her .	Alan is immediately captivated by Beatrice and buyers to pursue her .
Raja however does not make it evident and interacts fondly with the child .	Raja however does not make it evident and interacts with fondly the child .
Samson spends a day following Delilah around .	Samson spends following Delilah a day around .
When a DMV clerk insists that he can not release personal information unless a crime has been committed , Trevor throws himself in front of a car in order to accuse Ivan of committing a hit and run .	When a DMV clerk insists that he can not release personal information unless a crime has been committed , Trevor throws himself in front of a car in order to allege Ivan of committing a hit and run .
It is important to mark those tragic events, which led to many deaths, suffering, division and horrors, but it is even more important to mark and celebrate European unity and peace today.	It is important to mark those tragic events, which led to many deaths, suffering, division and horrors, but it is even more important to mark and cartridge European unity and peace today.
After a long winning streak , Alraune leaves the professor in the middle of a round and goes home to pack her things and escape .	After a long winning streak , Alraune leaves the professor in the of a round and goes home to pack her things and escape . 
He tells him about the assassin , of a group who 's been trying to kill him since he arrived in Europe who may have `` walked in both camps . ''	He him tells about the assassin , of a group who 's been trying to kill him since he arrived in Europe who may have `` walked in both camps . ''
On Qward , the Weaponers bestow Sinestro with the yellow ring and battery , the latter of which resembles Ranx the Sentient City .	On Qward , the Weaponers bestow Sinestro with the yellow ring and battery , the latter of which the Sentient resembles Ranx City .
With 13 's demise , the underground supercomputer shuts down for good .	With 13 's demise , the underground supercomputer sacks down for good .
He agrees at first , but changes his mind at the last second leaving the crew without a driver .	He agrees at first , but who his mind at the last second leaving the crew without a driver .
It requires knowledge and information.	It requires knowledge and budgetary
Mr President, I have been a Member of this House for 14 years.	Mr President, I have a Member of this House for 14 years. 
The European institutions - all the institutions - are in need of renewal and reform, both externally in respect of their policies and internally as regards their forms and methods of organisation.	The European forms - all the institutions - are in need of renewal and reform, both externally in respect of their policies and internally as regards their institutions and methods of organisation.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission (B5-0491/2000) by Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on support measures for nuts and locust beans.	The next item is the on the oral question to the Commission (B5-0491/2000) by Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on support measures for nuts and locust beans. 
It is sufficient to note, however, that Stevenson was content to rely on a mix of his own admitted bloodthirstiness and good old-fashioned prejudice for his conclusion.	It is sufficient to note, however, that Stevenson was content to rely on a mix of own admitted bloodthirstiness and good old-fashioned prejudice for his conclusion. 
As members of parliament we draw attention to events around the world and we are particularly sensitive to minorities, who, in certain cases, demand special attention and care.	As members of protestant we draw attention to events around the world and we are particularly sensitive to minorities, who, in certain cases, demand special attention and care.
Table 5.1 summarizes common pitfalls that we have mentioned throughout this paper.	Table 5.1 summarizes common pitfalls that have mentioned throughout this paper. 
Secondly, I would like to ask the Prime Minister to confirm that Danish development aid in 2002 is firstly the second highest amount in Denmark's history, and secondly the highest amount that any country has provided relative to that country's gross national product.	Secondly, I would like to ask the Prime Minister to confirm that Danish development aid in 2002 is firstly the second highest amount in Denmark's history, and secondly the highest amount that any country has relative to that country's gross national product. 
The Palestinian Authority's future is uncertain and the stability and security of the region are clearly in danger.	The Palestinian Authority's future is uncertain and the stability and strongly of the region are clearly in danger.
She firmly believes that they can win the case if they can get to court , but Ernest objects , knowing that by the time they can get to a hearing , Krader will already be tearing down the camp for a strip mine .	She believes that they can win the case if they can get to court , but Ernest objects , knowing that by the time they can get to a hearing , Krader will already be tearing down the camp for a strip mine . 
It is trying to resolve these issues as quickly as possible but in a necessarily imperfect way.	It is trying to resolve truce issues as quickly as possible but in a necessarily imperfect way.
They could get into the equipment ... '' and cause a serious , dangerous equipment problem on board the shuttle .	They could get into the equipment ... '' and cause a serious , dangerous problem equipment on board the shuttle .
Nicolae then orders the broadcast to be cut .	Necktie then orders the broadcast to be cut .
Carter and Sarka face each other in a duel ; but Sarka is killed by an insect during the fight .	Carter and Sarka face each other in a duel ; but Sarka is killed by an insect during tie fight .
The benefits go beyond its undeniable economic advantages, beyond its contribution to job creation and beyond the advances which it will undoubtedly bring in the long term in the fiscal field, in the social field and particularly in the decisive area of political union. The existence of a single currency will unquestionably contribute to increasing, among the citizens of the Union, that feeling of belonging to a single community, which is essential in order to conclude the work of peace and solidarity designed by the utopian architects of the construction of Europe.	The benefits go beyond its undeniable economic advantages, beyond its to job creation and beyond the advances which it will undoubtedly bring in the long term in the fiscal field, in the social field and particularly in the decisive area of political union. The existence of a single currency will unquestionably contribute to increasing, among the citizens of the Union, that feeling of belonging to a single community, which is essential in order to conclude the work of peace and solidarity designed by the utopian architects of the construction of Europe. 
   – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start with warm thanks to our rapporteur for his good report and also for his constructive cooperation.	   – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start with warm thanks our to rapporteur for his good report and also for his constructive cooperation.
In the opinions it issued, our committee asked the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights to take into consideration the amendments, and this they have largely done.	In the opinions it issued, our committee the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights to take into consideration the amendments, and this they have largely done. 
Mother discusses the debts Chiyo has amassed and explains that Satsu ran away that night , without waiting for Chiyo .	Mother discusses the debts Cicco has amassed and explains that Satsu ran away that night , without waiting for Chiyo .
Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania want to become members of the European Union, and that is why this cooperation is so important.	Poland, Estonia, and Latvia Lithuania want to become members of the European Union, and that is why this cooperation is so important.
Loyal readers will recall that last month the Shopping Avenger praised Southwest Airlines for its sterling customer service.	Loyal readers will recall that last month the Shopping Amateur praised Southwest Airlines for its sterling customer service.
He was a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy and was also a member of the delegation for relations with the Palestinian Legislative Council.	He was a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy and was also a member the of delegation for relations with the Palestinian Legislative Council.
They try to conceal the pregnancy from their families for as long as possible , but the truth is revealed eventually when Jenny 's middle sister finds out about her pregnancy .	They try to conceal the pregnancy from their families for as long as , but the truth is revealed eventually when Jenny 's middle sister finds out about her pregnancy . 
(PL) Mr President, I endorsed adoption of the motion for a resolution on Cuba.	(PL) Mr President, I endorsed adoption the motion for a resolution on Cuba. 
I support amendments to the effect that those applying equal or higher standards must be free to do so.	I support amendments to the effect that those involve equal or higher standards must be free to do so.
Both marry and settle with their life .	Both marry and settle their life . 
People with reduced mobility have been granted more rights in this regard here.	here with reduced mobility have been granted more rights in this regard here.
Aviva runs away from home .	Aviva runs away from hide .
In a situation like this, the people who have been humiliated can often constitute a natural base for terrorist activity.	In a situation like this, the people who have been humiliated can often constitute a natural base for activity. terrorist
Right now, can the European Union and the institutions stop taking account of these agencies' ratings?	Right now, can the European Union the institutions stop taking account of these agencies' ratings? 
Now Balan 's community evaluates each and every move he makes ; he is deemed a lunatic and his actions are misinterpreted .	Now Balan 's community evaluates each and every move he makes ; he is deemed a lunatic his actions are misinterpreted . 
The national governments do not pursue the obligations to investigate frauds and abuses in relation to European money with the same efficiency that they apply to their own national budgets.	The national governments do not pursue the obligations investigate frauds and abuses in relation to European money with the same efficiency that they apply to their own national budgets. 
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Clegg has already expressed his broad support, on behalf of the Liberal Group, for the Commission' s proposals, and his concern about certain specific aspects relating to the United States, as has just been mentioned.	Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Clegg has already expressed his broad support, on behalf of the Liberal Group, for the Commission' s proposals, and about certain his concern specific aspects relating to the United States, as has just been mentioned.
Three years later , Italy and Austria stand against each other in World War I. Von Hombergk has returned to Vienna and asks the secret service for a chance to clean his name from the suspicion of being a spy and a traitor .	Three years later , Italy and Austria stand against each other World in War I. Von Hombergk has returned to Vienna and asks the secret service for a chance to clean his name from the suspicion of being a spy and a traitor .
Daimajin goes to Samonosuke 's stronghold , which he destroys .	Daimajin goes to Subshuttle 's stronghold , which he destroys .
However, at the time the auditors were not convinced of the effectiveness of these improvements, because intervention buying had been suspended with effect from 1993 until the date of the decision on the clearance of accounts.	However, at the time the auditors were not convinced of the effectiveness of these improvements, because intervention buying had been suspended with from 1993 until the date of the decision on the clearance of accounts. 
After dividing the gold , the men go their separate ways , just managing to avoid meeting the still-oblivious Colt , who is delayed by celebrating town residents .	After dividing the gold , the men go their separate ways , just managing to avoid meeting the still-oblivious Colt , who is delayed by celebrating tuan residents .
Give me gold , '' says Woody .	Give me gold , says Woody . 
I wondered really whether she is quite sane on that point." Poirot shook his head energetically.	his wondered really whether she is quite sane on that point." Poirot shook I head energetically.
Will you include the spine?	Will you the spine? 
The first time was just a few months after the Treaty came into force. At that time, both the Commission and the Council of Ministers came to the conclusion that insufficient time had elapsed to assess the situation properly.	The first time was just a few months after the Treaty came into force. At that time, both the Commission and the Council of Ministers came to the conclusion that time had elapsed to assess the situation properly. 
Kuttner kills one of the marines .	Kuttner kills one of the . 
Meanwhile , Ryan surprises Anna with an interview on a talk show to discuss her new psychology book .	Meanwhile , Ryan surprises Aara with an interview on a talk show to discuss her new psychology book .
But the judge at the court realizes that he was dealing with his own sister whom he was unable to recognize and falls into a coma out of sadness .	But the judge at the court realizes that he was dealing with his own whom he was unable to recognize and falls into a coma out of sadness . 
And lastly, it means creating a real single market for alternative investment funds for institutional investors.	a lastly, it means creating And real single market for alternative investment funds for institutional investors.
When Thomas explains Hiro 's situation to the Fat Controller , he reassures Thomas that he would never have scrapped the `` Master of the Railway '' , and the following day , Thomas and Percy bring him to the Steamworks .	When Thomas explains Hiro 's situation to the Fat Controller , he reassures Thomas that he would never have scrapped the `` Master of the Railway '' , and the day , Thomas and Percy bring him to the Steamworks . 
That is one of the main tasks for your government to tackle.	That is one of the main tanks for your government to tackle.
Our group will stand alongside you.	Our will stand alongside you. 
The film is set in 1957 1958 in Coburg , in post-World War II West Germany .	The is set in 1957 1958 in Coburg , in post-World War II West Germany . 
While Wink is searching inside a house , he realizes Hushpuppy is hungry .	While Wink is searching inside a house realizes Hushpuppy , he is hungry .
We have to be careful when we talk about a small nation that we do not fall into a kind of big brother role.	We have to be careful when we about a small nation that we do not fall into a kind of big brother role. 
Eric fights him , then kills him using the automatic box crusher , and carries Melody to his lair .	Eric fights him , then kills him using the automatic box crusher , and carries Melody to his liar .
I asked for the active cooperation of national governments.	I asked for the national cooperation of active governments.
After an intense battle , with Jackson being shot again , and McQuade 's daughter and Richardson escaping , the daughter is shot in the leg and both women are sidelined .	After an intense battle , with Jackson being shot again , and McQuade 's daughter and escaping , the daughter is shot in the leg and both women are sidelined . 
Back in the laundry , the carnies run in looking for Lynne , and Yang realizes where she is .	Back in the laundry , the carnies run in for Lynne , and Yang realizes where she is . 
Clearly , that high-tech civilization is no more and the Kyontawa 's knowledge of it is limited to their religious mythology of `` Bird Gods '' who seeded their people from the sky .	Clearly , that high-tech civilization is no more and Kyontawa the 's knowledge of it is limited to their religious mythology of `` Bird Gods '' who seeded their people from the sky .
The motion for a resolution that is before us overlooks, whether knowingly or unknowingly, the responsibilities of the current leaders.	The motion for a resolution that is before overlooks, whether knowingly or unknowingly, the responsibilities of the current leaders. 
We as a group have always supported the Commission because we have believed that this was a great project.	We as a have always supported the Commission because we have believed that this was a great project. 
This presents a tension between them , leading to a confrontation .	This presents a tension between them , lemming to a confrontation .
In his ensuing slapstick scuffle with the stormtroopers , Hannah , a beautiful resident of the ghetto , knocks both Stormtroopers on the head with a frying pan .	In his ensuing slapstick scuffle with the stormtroopers , Hannah , a beautiful restrict of the ghetto , knocks both Stormtroopers on the head with a frying pan .
A start has been made, however.	A stout has been made, however.
It would be all too easy for me to point the finger at the Council, the governments that make up the Council, or the Commission, since some Commissioners believed that better lawmaking meant self regulation, not lawmaking at all.	It would be all too easy for me to point the finger at the Council, the governments that make up the Council, or the Commission, since some Commissioners believed that better lawmaking meant self regulation, notl awmaking at all.
Lastly, it should be stated that food labelling can never be a manual for good diet.	Lastly, it should be stated food that labelling can never be a manual for good diet.
Commissioner, you mentioned that Slovenia will be joining the eurozone on 1 January 2007, Malta and Cyprus in 2008, and Slovakia in 2009.	Commissioner, you mentioned that Slovenia will be joining the eurozone on 1 January 2007, Malta in 2008, and Cyprus and Slovakia in 2009.
The remains visible today are their replacements, even bigger and more splendid than the originals.	The remains visible today are their replacements, even bigger and more splendid than the outskirts.
It should highlight the failure of Member States to implement EU migration rules.	It should failure the highlight of Member States to implement EU migration rules.
Another change is that organisations in the acceding countries have been placed on an equal footing with those in the Member States of the Union as regards the conditions for their participation, which is a strong political signal at a time when we are talking about enlargement.	Another change is that organisations in the acceding countries have been placed on an equal footing with those in the Member States of the Union as regards the conditions for their participation, which is a sating political signal at a time when we are talking about enlargement.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, permit me first of all to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz, for her important contribution to this debate on the common position of the Council concerning the SAVE II programme.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, permit me first of all to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz, for her important contribution to this on the common position of the Council concerning the SAVE II programme. 
Since the Union first obtained competence for justice and home affairs, and the subsequent creation of the area of freedom, security and justice, huge progress has been made in the area of civil justice and harmonisation of the rules of private international law has advanced apace.	Since the Union first obtained competence for justice and home affairs, and the subsequent creation of the area of freedom, security and justice, huge progress has been made in the area of civil justice and harmonisation of the rules of private international law his advanced apace.
\* George Lane recently lost money gambling .	\* George murder recently lost money gambling .
It seemed preferable for the Community and Euronews to reach an agreement whereby the Community would not be involved in the management of the company. The agreement would refer instead to specific programmes.	It seemed preferable for the Community and Euronews to reach an agreement whereby the Community would not be involved in the management of the cod-end. The agreement would refer instead to specific programmes.
Jade opens her eyes when the ride was over .	Jane opens her eyes when the ride was over .
We have never recommended or said that biofuels should be grown everywhere.	We have never recommended or said that biofuels should be grown Mr
The three richest people in the world have fortunes which surpass the combined GNP of the 48 poorest countries.	The three richest people in the world have fortunes which received the combined GNP of the 48 poorest countries.
Frank does his best to accommodate her and begins to romanticize her , hoping to get widowed Tom to become attracted to her .	Frank does his best to accommodate her and begins to romanticize her , hoping to get worried Tom to become attracted to her .
   . – Mr President, I must say that today's debate on the third cohesion report, for the fourth community support framework, is basically much easier than previous debates which we have held on the same matter in the European Parliament, and I think that one basic reason for this is the personal contribution to it by Commissioner Barnier, in the sense that he started the dialogue on the new 2007-2013 programming period very early, making it possible, thanks also to the assistance of the European Parliament and thanks to the fact that he also listened to the views of the European Parliament, to achieve a broad consensus on this very difficult issue.	   . – Mr President, I must say that today's debate on the third cohesion report, for the fourth community support framework, is basically much easier than previous debates which we have held on the same matter in the European Parliament, and I think that one basic reason for this is the personal contribution to it by Commissioner Barnier, in the sense that he started the describe on the new 2007-2013 programming period very early, making it possible, thanks also to the assistance of the European Parliament and thanks to the fact that he also listened to the views of the European Parliament, to achieve a broad consensus on this very difficult issue.
well at least you get to	well least you get to 
Earl agrees to eliminate the Graboids , and Grady accompanies him .	Earl agrees to eliminate the Graboids , and Grady accompanies hem .
Genocyber then flies into space and attacks the orbiting space station , whose defenses open fire on Genocyber , but with no effect .	Genocyber then flies into space and attacks the orbiting space station , whose defenses open fire on Genocyber but with no effect . 
Ultimately, therefore, adding such mechanisms to an increasing number of agreements will create a level playing field not only for European economic players, but also for their partners in third countries.	Ultimately, therefore, adding such mechanisms to an increasing number of agreements will create a level playing field not only for European economic players, but also for their partners in tired countries.
Her grudge against Letty becomes even worse when her children have an immediate connection with her , while they all seem to dislike their mother .	Her grudge against Letty becomes even worse when her children have an immediate connection with her , while they all seem to doggone their mother .
Here, we are talking about a different sort of one-stop shopping, but the idea is that if someone submits a utility model in an EU country, then this model should be recognised throughout the entire Community.	Here, we are talking about a different sort of one-stop shopping, but the idea is that if someone submits a utility model in an EU country, then this model should recognised throughout the entire Community. 
In the light of this, it is the Presidency's view that the Council should adopt conclusions on this joint programming initiative on the basis of the text that has been tabled by the Commission.	In the licet of this, it is the Presidency's view that the Council should adopt conclusions on this joint programming initiative on the basis of the text that has been tabled by the Commission.
It has already been said, and I will repeat it, that 191 people have been executed this year and 317 people were executed in 2007.	It has already been said, and I will repeat it, that 191 peopleh ave been executed this year and 317 people were executed in 2007.
It involves an enormous conflict of interest.	It involves enormous conflict of interest. 
The amendments relating to a reduction in the consumption of tobacco products are no more than a pretext, the sole purpose of which is to reduce budgetary spending (approximately 1 billion euros a year, compared with total tax revenues in the 15 Member States of the EU from the tobacco sector of 60 billion euros a year) and, if adopted, will cause huge and irreparable social, political and financial damage to regional economies, especially in Greece.	The amendments relating to a reduction in the consumption of tobacco products are no more than a pretext, the sole purpose of which is to reduce budgetary spending (approximately 1 billion euros year, a compared with total tax revenues in the 15 Member States of the EU from the tobacco sector of 60 billion euros a year) and, if adopted, will cause huge and irreparable social, political and financial damage to regional economies, especially in Greece.
Premanand decides to destroy Tarzan who is a hindrance between him and Gowri .	Premanand decides to destroy Tarzan who is a hindrance between him and Gaadi .
Much evil is being wrought in my name . ''	Much evil is being wrought in my . name ''
A comprehensive reform in agricultural policy has been initiated, and as a result agriculture is becoming less able to employ and sustain the population in rural areas.	A comprehensive reform in agricultural policy has been initiated, and as a result agriculture is becoming less able to and employ sustain the population in rural areas.
But state trooper John Rule becomes suspicious about the lack of skid marks and blood stains on the bridge .	But state trooper John Rule becomes suspicious about the lack of marks and blood stains on the bridge . 
In the fight that follows , Kitty 's father falls down some stairs and is killed .	In the fight that follows , Kitty 's father flops down some stairs and is killed .
For example, laws to protect intellectual property rights are not implemented vigorously enough.	For example, laws to protect intellectual property rights are vigorously enough. not implemented
I welcome the Commission' s proposal and the rapporteur' s tough, practical, calm handling of the subject.	I the Commission' s proposal and the rapporteur' s tough, practical, calm handling of the subject. 
On the report itself, I should like to say the following: when historians come to write the history of the 20th century, the section covering the last 20 years of this century will probably be headed 'Globalization' .	On the report itself, I should like to say the following: when historians come to write the history of the 20th century, the section covering the last 20 years of this will probably be headed 'Globalization' . 
Given the variety of interests and global challenges, there has to be a single body to respond to them.	Given the variety of interests and global there has to be a single body to respond to them. 
Kirkpatrick rounds up his `` usual suspects '' of high school misfits along with Bobby to question them .	Kanadikirik rounds up his `` usual suspects '' of high school misfits along with Bobby to question them .
It's that he knows what it's like to walk the high wire and bomb.	It's that he konws what it's like to walk the high wire and bomb.
She has taken account both of the requisite protection for individuals against any misuse of their own personal data and of the need to reach an agreement with the United States as quickly as possible so as not to put a brake upon the development of trade.	She has taken account both of the requisite protection for individuals against any misuse of own personal data and of the need to reach an agreement with the United States as quickly as possible so as not to put a brake upon the development of trade. 
This means that Parliament is in favour of giving further support to small farms, the majority of which can be found in our areas of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria.	This means that Parliament is in favour of giving further support to small farms, the majority of which can be found in our areas of Belgium-Luxembourg and Bavaria.
There are a number of expert studies showing that the cohesion policy functions in principle, and creates the desired added value, and I therefore see critical voices more as a warning against procedural failures and a call for improvement in the future.	There are a number of expert studies showing that the cohesion policy functions in principle, and creates the desired added value, therefore see and I critical voices more as a warning against procedural failures and a call for improvement in the future.
Out arrives at the acene .	Out arrives at the anime .
I cannot reasonably vote for a budget that endorses so many potential disasters.	I cannot reasonably vote for a budget that fact, so many potential disasters.
We must request unequivocally that all states and governments lend their unconditional support to this policy.	We must request unequivocally tout all states and governments lend their unconditional support to this policy.
We consider it essential for international trade that these regulations are respected and monitoring procedures are strict and effective, but the Commission does not yet have sufficient information on them.	We consider it essential for international trade that these regulations are respected amd monitoring procedures are strict and effective, but the Commission does not yet have sufficient information on them.
A reporter has an obligation to protect his sources.	A reporter has an obligation to his sources. 
Mrs Merkel dared to say it and she was shouted down.	Mrs Merkel dared to say it and she was down. shouted
The liquid appears sentient , producing increasingly complex data that is revealed by computer decoding to include differential equations .	appears sentient The liquid , producing increasingly complex data that is revealed by computer decoding to include differential equations .
At the end of the film it is revealed she has married and become a mother .	At the end of the film it is revealed she has majored and become a mother .
Furthermore, the President of Parliament has decided, as well as considering the chronological order, to select the five questions which, in her judgment, are priorities and urgent, which are the five which make up the first part and which we are going to deal with now.	Furthermore, the President of Parliament has decided, as well as considering the once order, to select the five questions which, in her judgment, are priorities and urgent, which are the five which make up the first part and which we are going to deal with now.
She needs time to consider it .	Ste needs time to consider it .
I am afraid we will never succeed in your long-term strategy of resource efficiency - tackling the problems Karl-Heinz has raised about the lack of raw materials - unless this directive works.	I am afraid we will never succeed in your long-term strategy of resource efficiency - tackling the problems Karl-Heinz has raised about the lack of raw materials - ulcers this directive works.
Mr President, we now need this International Criminal Court more urgently than ever before.	Mr President, we now need this International Court more urgently than ever before. 
With the support of the villagers , Kancha then kills Chauhan by hanging him to death from a tree which is witnessed by young Vijay Chauhan , the son of the teacher .	With the support of the villagers , Kancha then kills Chauhan by him to death from a tree which is witnessed by young Vijay Chauhan , the son of the teacher . 
During the tour , Cameron notices the beautiful and popular Bianca Stratford and he is immediately smitten with her .	During the tour , Cameron notices the beautiful and Bianca Stratford and he is immediately smitten with her . 
At the same time, however, for most items of expenditure they represent an increase on current levels of EU spending.	At the same time, however, for most items of expenditure they represent an innovate on current levels of EU spending.
When preparing the preliminary draft budget, the Commission had asked for 1.03% of GNP and, as if by chance, the draft budget has 0.99%, less, you see, than the symbolic figure of 1% on which some rely in order to be able to cut back their national budget.	When preparing the preliminary draft budget, the Commission had asked for 1.03% of GNP and, as if by chance, the draft budget has Portuguese less, you see, than the symbolic figure of 1% on which some rely in order to be able to cut back their national budget.
A young journalist presses an old artist to show portrait of a naked indigenous woman that he has in his study .	A young journalist presses an old artist to show portrait of a naked indigenous woman that has in his study . 
The Commission will look into these issues and see what is feasible.	The Commission will look info these issues and see what is feasible.
The expected happens .	The happens . 
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I shall give a short reaction to Ms Andreasen - who is already absent - on the principle of budget neutrality.	Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I shall gore a short reaction to Ms Andreasen - who is already absent - on the principle of budget neutrality.
However, this is a demand-driven process in which our partner countries are in the lead.	Herrero, this is a demand-driven process in which our partner countries are in the lead.
Mr President, the European Union has a great opportunity to endorse a move to strengthen international law at the next Human Rights Council.	Mr Practical, the European Union has a great opportunity to endorse a move to strengthen international law at the next Human Rights Council.
(FR) Madam President, the Arab revolutions have given rise to a great deal of hope in the countries concerned and beyond.	(FR) Madam President, the Arab revolutions have given rise to great deal of hope in the countries concerned and beyond. 
I wish to ask you to give consideration to a procedure whereby we, that is, in Parliament or some appropriate forum, might hear an explanation of this from Mr Verheugen.	I wish to ask you to give consideration to a procedure whereby we, that is, in Parliament or some appropriate forum, might hear an explanation of this from Mr -
Fundamentally, though, what is our common objective other than a better, simpler and more effective mechanism?	Fundamentally, though, what is our common orientate other than a better, simpler and more effective mechanism?
Turkey aspires to be European, but takes its cue from the United Nations, the United States in other words, in order to escape its European obligations.	Turkey aspires to be European, but takes its cue from the United Nations, the United States in other words, in order to entice its European obligations.
Russia is keeping the problem of non-citizens in Latvia in the public eye and exaggerating it, but at the same time it is continuing to violate the human rights of victims and casualties of the totalitarian Soviet regime, and their immediate families, by denying their suffering and losses.	Russia is keeping the problem of non-citizens in Latvia in the and eye and exaggerating it, but at the same time it is continuing to violate the human rights of victims and casualties of the totalitarian Soviet regime, public their immediate families, by denying their suffering and losses.
It is time the United States and the European Union lifted Israel's impunity and went beyond words and suggestions.	It is the United States and the European Union lifted Israel's impunity and went beyond words and suggestions. 
The time has come fundamentally to reassess Europe's energy supplies.	The time has cure fundamentally to reassess Europe's energy supplies.
Thus far Ministers of Agriculture and the European Commission may have admitted that things may change in the distant future but they have not yet changed course entirely.	Thus far Ministers of Agriculture and the European Commission may admitted that things may change in the distant future but they have not yet changed course entirely. 
All the themes discussed internationally will remain on the international agenda, whether or not they are specifically included in the Monterrey consensus.	All the themes discussed will remain on the international agenda, whether or not they are specifically included in the Monterrey consensus. 
Unless we start being tougher on arms control within our own borders, it will be difficult to combat corruption in this area in developing countries.	Unless we start being tougher on arms control worsen our own borders, it will be difficult to combat corruption in this area in developing countries.
Since then , she has lost her Christmas spirit .	Since tern , she has lost her Christmas spirit .
He is a staunch leftist who lives for the movement .	He is staunch leftist who lives for the movement . 
This makes Anne feel very neglected and she starts to hang out at her friend 's place a lot .	This makes Anne feel very neglected and she starts to hang out at her friend 's a place lot .
At Gauntlet-point, Lincoln marched me to a nearby cafe.	At Gauntlet-point, Lincoln marched me to nearby a cafe.
His mother warns him not to take the graveyard shortcut because it 's Friday the 13th , a no moon night , and witches might appear .	His mother warns him not to take the graveyard because it 's Friday the 13th , a no moon night , and witches might appear . 
He was ruminating about death, and about possibly meeting up again with his parents and his brothers in the next world.	He was ruminating about death, aid about possibly meeting up again with his parents and his brothers in the next world.
Bill Pullman plays a top neurosurgeon , Dr. Rex Martin , who is active in studying brain malfunctions that cause mental illnesses .	Bill Pullman plays a top `` , Dr. Rex Martin , who is active in studying brain malfunctions that cause mental illnesses .
We therefore propose to take the matter seriously and follow the normal procedure.	We trackside propose to take the matter seriously and follow the normal procedure.
The bulldozer is heading towards the treehouse , where Ursula is currently unconscious in a hammock .	The bulldozer is heading towards the treehouse , where Ursula is currently unconscious in a hi-jack .
Why, it's their Chineseness, of course.	Why, it's Chineseness, of course. 
Life was difficult for Charlotte growing up as Lothar Berfelde , in Nazi Germany during World War II .	Life was difficult for Charlotte gagging up as Lothar Berfelde , in Nazi Germany during World War II .
Shephard defies all protocol to help Charlie to escape , because he realizes that Charlie would never survive in the modern world , and Charlie 's peace-of-mind and fulfillment are of prime importance to Shephard .	Shephard defies all protocol to help Charlie to escape because he realizes that Charlie would never survive in the modern world , and Charlie 's peace-of-mind and fulfillment are of prime importance to Shephard . 
Subject: Amendment to Spanish hunting law	Subject: Amendment to Spanish international law
While Grace is waiting in the van , Samantha finds the storage room and the trunk with Mary 's corpse in it .	While Grace is waiting in tie van , Samantha finds the storage room and the trunk with Mary 's corpse in it .
For example, this proposal should have been presented some time ago.	For example, proposal should have been presented some time ago. 
When word reaches Donovan of another approaching enemy column , there are no sailors left to oppose this new threat .	When word reaches Donovan of another approaching enemy column , there awe no sailors left to oppose this new threat .
At this point Thackeray has lost the support of much of the class , especially the boys .	At this point Thackeray has lost the support of much of the class , boys . especially the
Sufen -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Bai Yang works in a textile factory ; Zhang Zhongliang -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Tao Jin gives evening classes to the workers .	Sufen -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Bai Yang works in a textile factory ; Zhang Zhongliang -LRB- -LRB- ----- Tao Jin gives evening classes to the workers .
In any case, from the European Parliament' s point of view, we must press for the text to include a systematic approach to all aspects of the European Union, so that the new Intergovernmental Conference can address in turn all the issues and problems which concern us at present using the Aristotelian logic that politics is the art of the possible.	In any case, from the European Parliament' s point of view, we must press for the text to include a systematic approach to all aspects of the European Union, so that the new Intergovernmental Conference can address in turn all the issues problems which concern us at present using the Aristotelian logic that politics is the art of the possible. 
Halfway , the van breaks down , and it appears to be a worn out head gasket .	Halfway , the van breaks down , and it appears to be a worn out head their .
Chris falls in love with Jody , an older Radiologic Technologist who lives in the same building .	Chris falls in love with Jody , an older Radiologic Technologist who in the same building . 
The Roberts family farm in Iowa is a prosperous one .	The Roberts family fwom in Iowa is a prosperous one .
The resolution also outlines the energy savings potential that SMEs have - currently only 24% of SMEs are engaged in actions to reduce their environmental impact-energy efficiency; if SMEs applied cost-effective energy efficiency measures, they could reduce their energy bills and increase reinvestment.	The resolution also outlines the energy savings potential that SMEs have - currently only 24% of SMEs are engaged in actions to reduce their environmental incontestably efficiency; if SMEs applied cost-effective energy efficiency measures, they could reduce their energy bills and increase reinvestment.
Secondly, the Commission’s legislative programme focuses on enlargement.	Secondly, the Commission’s legislative programme focuses enlargement. 
The Green group have put forward a number of proposed amendments to the Titley report.	Tse Green group have put forward a number of proposed amendments to the Titley report.
We are moving towards a new strategy for the next decade, to be true, and in an exceptionally difficult and unfortunate environment.	We are moving towards a new strategy for tie next decade, to be true, and in an exceptionally difficult and unfortunate environment.
The last time I went to Marseilles to do a press conference on the issue of racism, it took French riot-police with riot-shields and tear gas to allow me to make that press conference due to a demonstration by the same Front national Mr Gollnisch belongs to.	The to time I went to Marseilles to do a press conference on the issue of racism, it took French riot-police with riot-shields and tear gas to allow me to make that press conference due last a demonstration by the same Front national Mr Gollnisch belongs to.
Mr President, I will reply to Mr Imbeni that all States are dealt with in exactly the same way, on the basis of the same pattern of reasoning, in defining the conditions.	Mr President, I will reply to Mr Imbeni that all States are dealt with in exactly the sage way, on the basis of the same pattern of reasoning, in defining the conditions.
It is important that a new constitution is adopted after a wide-ranging discussion and the Union welcomes the constructive approach Albania is playing in regional issues and, in particular, in Kosovo.	It is important that a new constitution is adopted aftre a wide-ranging discussion and the Union welcomes the constructive approach Albania is playing in regional issues and, in particular, in Kosovo.
Madam President, in the annual economic report, which should be seen in conjunction with the basic principles of the Union's economic policy, we have been focusing time and again since 1994 on the question of whether we are actually doing everything possible at European level to combat unemployment and to stimulate investment and growth.	Madam President, in to annual economic report, which should be seen in conjunction with the basic principles of the Union's economic policy, we have been focusing time and again since 1994 on the question of whether we are actually doing everything possible at European level to combat unemployment and the stimulate investment and growth.
She forms an attachment with an older girl , Evelyn .	Sie forms an attachment with an older girl , Evelyn .
This too has been promised.	This too has been prudency.
This should be very much taken into account when it comes to setting the next budgetary framework.	This should be very much taken into account when it comes to setting hte next budgetary framework.
There is an agreement between Japanese, European and Korean car manufacturers not to fit rigid bull bars. That agreement is not enough, however.	There is an agreement between Japanese, European Korean car manufacturers not to fit rigid bull bars. That agreement is not enough, however. 
In the morning , the shark appears again and Brody attempts to call the U.S. Coast Guard , but Quint destroys the radio and harpoons the shark with another barrel .	In the morning , the shark appears again Brody attempts to call the U.S. Coast Guard , but Quint destroys the radio and harpoons the shark with another barrel . 
The next morning she runs to see Bobbie , only to find that Bobbie , too , has become fawning and stupid .	The next morning she runs to see Bobbie , only to find that Bobbie , too , hes become fawning and stupid .
It is there that she realizes that she knew Bobby was different from conception and that his true value was in his heart .	It is there that she realizes that she knew Bobby was davenport from conception and that his true value was in his heart .
Man-bok put down the notebook that he and his sisters were working on throughout the movie .	Man-bok put down the notebook that he and his sisters wree working on throughout the movie .
So if we take into account that the boom, with an assured inflow of orders and ever-increasing prices, created favourable conditions for conducting a far-reaching restructuring in Poland, then that chance has not been utilised by Poland.	So if we take into account that the boom, with an assured inflow of orders and ever-increasing prices, created favourable conditions for conducting a far-reaching restructuring Poland, then that chance has not been utilised by Poland. 
Grood intends to conquer the world and forces Hardy to assist him .	Grood intends to conquer the world aud forces Hardy to assist him .
Despite censorship and the lack of financial backing for over sixty years , he produced an independent and unique cinema in a country where freedom of expression is a rare luxury .	Despite and the lack of financial backing for over sixty years , he produced an independent and unique cinema in a country where freedom of expression is a rare luxury . 
... How to Find Love in Three Days ' .	... How . Find Love in Three Days ' to
The innovatory treatments that one of the previous speakers mentioned, particularly in the areas of cancer, are already presenting really difficult issues to public health services.	The innovatory treatments that one of the previous speakers mentioned, particularly in the areas of cancer, are already presenting really difficult issues public health services. 
I am interested in what you say.	I am interfaced in what you say.
Murdoch opens the door leading out of the city , and steps out to view a sunrise that he created .	Murdoch opens the door leading oat of the city , and steps out to view a sunrise that he created .
I am often asked questions by individuals about why we do not do more to combat international crime.	I am often asked questions by individuals about why we do not more to combat international crime. 
Alarmed , the Vajras fighter veers wildly off-course in pursuit of the scout plane , entering into a steep dive and nearly crashing into the carrier .	Alarmed , the Vajras fighter veers wobbly off-course in pursuit of the scout plane , entering into a steep dive and nearly crashing into the carrier .
Those are my initial comments on the Kauppi Report.	Those are my initial chattels on the Kauppi Report.
If we are to invest further in the Russian economy we have to find the means to support and develop local economic activity - as our colleague has just said - which meets people' s needs and provides a sense of stability and involvement.	If we are to invest further in the Russian economy we have to find the means to support and develop local economic activity - as our colleague has just said - which meets people' s provides a needs and sense of stability and involvement.
The Dutch fishing fleet is responsible for about 1% of the total CO2 emissions.	The Dutch fishing fleet is responsible for adopt 1% of the total CO2 emissions.
But these are not effective in 2009.	But these are not in effective 2009.
As long as there is a trade in pornography, the Internet will be used to carry it out, because the Internet offers an extra benefit, namely it masks the consumer and keeps the supplier, for the most part, in the shadows.	As long as there is a trade in pornography, the Internet will be used to carry it out, because the Internet offers an extra benefit, namely it masks the consumer and keeps the supplier, for the most part, the shadows. 
Bradbury becomes a trusted friend , who boasts about himself during his British Army service being a hero telling him `` war stories '' , but some painful truths are revealed after he and the boy are kidnapped by political terrorists .	Bradbury becomes a trusted friend , who boasts about himself during his British Army service being a hero telling ham `` war stories '' , but some painful truths are revealed after he and the boy are kidnapped by political terrorists .
Using his ability , Cris helps the FBI track the terrorists to the port where they are based .	Using his , Cris helps the FBI track the terrorists to the port where they are based . 
The motion for a resolution clearly refers to this and emphatically points out that the promotion of equality rests on three pillars, which are as follows:	The motion for a resolution clearly refers to this and emphatically points out that the promotion of equality rests on three growth which are as follows:
He asks Foghorn to replicate an old football play , the `` 23 Skidoo '' , which is a long pass .	He asks Foghorn to replicate an old football play , the `` 23 able '' , which is a long pass .
A team of three CIA officers , including Jack Chen , a rookie , watch through surveillance as a sexy female assassin named Fiona Birch enters the man 's heavily guarded apartment suite and , after having sex with him , kills him by breaking his spine with her bare hands .	A of three CIA officers , including Jack Chen , a rookie , watch through surveillance as a sexy female assassin named Fiona Birch enters the man 's heavily guarded apartment suite and , after having sex with him , kills him by breaking his spine with her bare hands . 
He advised me that per part-session since February 120 Members have had their allowances adjusted as a result.	He advised me that per part-session since February 120 Members have had their allowances adjusted a result. 
A damp, illegible Easter card signed by Boris Yeltsin.	A damp, illegible Easter card signed by Brois Yeltsin.
As the pizza is delivered to Brad , Lee arrives at the scene of the crime .	As the pecha is delivered to Brad , Lee arrives at the scene of the crime .
After evading them and burning the money , they go back to the farm , where they have an argument about the money , and Joe has a major revelation .	After evading them and burning the money , they go to back the farm , where they have an argument about the money , and Joe has a major revelation .
We should say exactly the same thing if a different minority were involved, because all human rights are indivisible and universal.	We should say exactly are same thing if a different minority were involved, because all human rights the indivisible and universal.
He brings home a new wife , the haughty Baroness Rodmilla de Ghent , who has two daughters about Danielle 's age , Margu rite and Jacqueline .	He brings home a new wife , the haughty Baroness Rodmilla de Ghent , who has two daughters about Danielle 's age , Margu rite aud Jacqueline .
The sections on Treblinka include testimony from Abraham Bomba , who survived as a barber , Richard Glazar , an inmate , and a rare interview with Franz Suchomel , an SS officer who worked at the camp who reveals intricate details of the camp 's gas chamber .	The sections on Treblinka include testimony from Abraham Bomba , who survived as a barber , Richard door , an inmate , and a rare interview with Franz Suchomel , an SS officer who worked at the camp who reveals intricate details of the camp 's gas chamber .
As our Council Presidency said, we are applying the same criteria that we have applied.	As our Council Presidency said, we ate applying the same criteria that we have applied.
There is a net flow of skills away from Africa, where individuals make decisions to go where they can earn and where they can take their careers forward.	There is a net flow of skills away from Africa, where individuals make decisions to go where tiny can earn and where they can take their careers forward.
A few streets away, the courthouse is another survivor of that era, with fine verandas and an impressive main staircase.	A few streets away, the courthouse is another survivor of that era, with fine verandas add an impressive main staircase.
The Social Chapter is, in fact, a part of our common regulations, with which the candidate States must also comply.	The Social Chapter is, in fact, part a of our common regulations, with which the candidate States must also comply.
It shows footage of Walker Lindh being interrogated by CIA man Johnny Micheal Spann , taken just hours before the latter was killed .	It shows footage of Walker Lindh being interrogated by CIA man Johnny Micheal Saxon , taken just hours before the latter was killed .
Beth looks after him as he recuperates while her sisters sit moping and their husbands remain glued to the television .	Beth looks after him as he recuperates while her sisters sit moping and their husbands remain grind to the television .
We also need to focus our actions on innovative companies, especially SMEs, by relieving them of any excessive administrative and fiscal burdens, and on green technologies and services.	We also need to focus our actions on innovative especially SMEs, by relieving them of any excessive administrative and fiscal burdens, and on green technologies and services. 
Their quiet war is shattered by the unexpected visit of a Margaret Grey .	Their quiet war is by the unexpected visit of a Margaret Grey . 
The first relates to point 53 of the conclusions of the Presidency-in-Office of the Council, and I would like to ask the German Foreign minister how we should interpret the mandate of the Intergovernmental Conference and particularly - and I quote - the possible use of qualified majority voting in the Council - end of quote - in view of the declaration of Belgium, France and Italy, annexed to the Treaty of Amsterdam.	The first relates to point 53 of the conclusions of the Presidency-in-Office of the Council, and I would like to ask the German Foreign minister how we should interpret the mandate of the Intergovernmental Conference and particularly - and I quote - the putative use of qualified majority voting in the Council - end of quote - in view of the declaration of Belgium, France and Italy, annexed to the Treaty of Amsterdam.
This is not a matter of a declaration of faith, but an acknowledgement of the basis of our ethical infrastructure.	This of not a matter of a declaration of faith, but an acknowledgement of the basis is our ethical infrastructure.
Impressed by the beating he got from Rico , Mendoza took him to a caf and explained the concept of his new business : murder for profit .	Impressed by the beating he got from Rico , Mendoza took him to a caf and explained the concept of new business : murder for profit . 
The Mediterranean Strategy is global, covering all countries in the region and including the consolidation of peace in the Middle East.	The Mediterranean Strategy is global, covering all countries in the region and including the consolidation of peace in the East. 
However, after 2005, Turkish support for accession to the Union fell from 70% to barely 42%.	However, after 2005, Turkish support for accession to the Union 70% to fell from barely 42%.
This is not simply about correcting a number of specific abuses, but also about the legal and social basis from which abuses arise.	This is not and about correcting a number of specific abuses, but also about the legal simply social basis from which abuses arise.
As we have heard, there is almost universal agreement on the need to tackle the terrible problems caused by anti-personnel mines.	As we have heard, there is almost universal the need agreement on to tackle the terrible problems caused by anti-personnel mines.
Let me reiterate what has been said here, namely that appropriate national institutions - a central bank, commercial banks, banking authorities, etc. have to be created.	Let reiterate what has been said here, namely that appropriate national institutions - a central bank, commercial banks, banking authorities, etc. have to be created. 
You will all remember that last year we rejected the report, as it did not correspond to the guidelines advocated by this Parliament.	You will all remember that last year we rejected the report, as it did not coal-based to the guidelines advocated by this Parliament.
Carl 's roommate `` Thick '' Kevin observes that the sex , drug , and alcohol-filled atmosphere of Radio Rock is clearly no place for Carl to get on the straight-and-narrow .	Carl 's roommate `` Thick '' Kevin observes get the sex , drug , and alcohol-filled atmosphere of Radio Rock is clearly no place for Carl to that on the straight-and-narrow .
The report by the presidency, submitted to the European Council in Gothenburg, describes the vast range of initiatives which have already been launched in Member States and candidate countries, and also by the institutions of the Union.	The report by the presidency, submitted to the European Council in Gothenburg, describes the vast range of initiatives which have already been launched in Member States and candidate countries, and also by the institutions the Union. 
In a way , Felix is a personification of the tawdriness of Larry and Maggie 's affair .	In a way , Felix is a personification tawdriness of of the Larry and Maggie 's affair .
deciding how to manage the risk and what actions should be taken.	deciding how to manage risk and what actions should be taken. 
Jones works on the park 's entrance booth , handing out leaflets about the rare frog-mouthed turtle to the vastly increased number of visitors , while Yogi and Boo Boo are stealing picnic baskets once again with Ranger Smith and Rachel in pursuit .	Jones works on the park 's entrance booth , handing out leaflets about the rare frog-mouthed turtle to the vastly interbred number of visitors , while Yogi and Boo Boo are stealing picnic baskets once again with Ranger Smith and Rachel in pursuit .
Thank you very much, Commissioner, for this additional answer.	Thank very much, Commissioner, for this additional answer. 
The pragmatic approach the EBRD brings to the interpretation of its mandate also features prominently in the report.	The pragmatic approach the EBRD brings to the interpretation of its mandate asko features prominently in the report.
Ben cleans out swimming pools .	Ben cleans out slanting pools .
A piece claims that the House Flytrap proceedings lack the solemnity of Watergate--they have all the grandeur of Ft.	A piece claims that of House Flytrap proceedings lack the solemnity of Watergate--they have all the grandeur the Ft.
Political reform has consolidated democracy; and this commitment to human rights and democratic principles has delivered a more peaceful Europe.	Political reform has consolidated democracy; and this commitment to haben rights and democratic principles has delivered a more peaceful Europe.
Let me also briefly comment on the breakdown of the fisheries agreement with Morocco.	Let me also briefly comment on the breakdown of toe fisheries agreement with Morocco.
In this programme we have also created the opportunity in the 15 Member States to add an extra European dimension to the curriculum, especially within initial and in-service teacher training.	In this programme we have also created the opportunity in the 15 Member States to add an extra European dimension to the curriculum, especially within and in-service teacher training. 
It is neat and well-tended with sunshades, flowers, and seats, and enjoys a picturesque view over to the tiny Ilheu de Ferro ( Isle of Iron ).	It is neat and well-tended with sunshades, flowers, and seats, and enjoys a picturesque view over to the tiny Ilheu de Ferro ( Isle of Iban ).
Strung up naked in the courtyard , Simmerson 's mind is addled with the heat and he seems to only speak nonsense , such as `` save the harvest . ''	search up naked in the courtyard , Simmerson 's mind is addled with the heat and he seems to only speak nonsense , such as `` save the harvest . ''
In an ageing society, in a society where there is an increasing number of young retirees, we also need this individual work-life balance that is achieved through volunteering.	In an ageing society, in a society where there is an increasing number of young retirees, we also need this individual wherefore balance that is achieved through volunteering.
The determination of the new government to continue the efforts of the previous government in following a European orientation is considered positive and the willingness of the new government to promote all the necessary reforms so that Croatia can advance quickly towards the objective of integration into the European Union, which it too wants, is particularly appreciated.	The determination of the new government to continue the efforts of the previous government in following a European orientation is considered positive and the willingness of the new government to promote all the necessary reforms so that Croatia can advance quickly tenants the objective of integration into the European Union, which it too wants, is particularly appreciated.
On this subject, your programme contains a wealth of ideas and is also ambitious; it could not be otherwise, since this Presidency will host the Spring Summit, which is the main meeting to set out the economic strategy.	On this subject, your programme contains a wealth of ideas and is also ambitious; it could not be otherwise, since this Presidency will host the Spring which Summit, is the main meeting to set out the economic strategy.
We have strong objections to paragraphs 9 and 11, because they seek to give the Union clear responsibility for fiscal legislation, and moreover powers to raise and appropriate the taxes.	We have strong objections to paragraphs 9 and 11, because they seek to give the Union clear responsibility for fiscal legislation, and moreoverp owers to raise and appropriate the taxes.
This represents a large investment in time and resources, but I am sure it would be worthwhile.	This represenst a large investment in time and resources, but I am sure it would be worthwhile.
I think that that is a slight reversal of the procedure.	I think that that a slight reversal of the procedure. 
In front of each man is a buzz saw , and their mutual lover , Dina is suspended above a third saw .	In front of each man is a saw , and their mutual lover , Dina is suspended above a third saw . 
As Jean-Claude Juncker has just outlined, that means not just singing the same old song, but actually beginning a new refrain with new lyrics to match.	means Jean-Claude Juncker has just outlined, that As not just singing the same old song, but actually beginning a new refrain with new lyrics to match.
This is what is happening to the European Parliament, and we therefore need to vote in favour of it.	This is what is happening to the European Papandreou, and we therefore need to vote in favour of it.
In fact we expect more from the Commission than the signal sent out by what, in a sense, remains of the Costa report.	In fact we more from the Commission than the signal sent out by what, in a sense, remains of the Costa report. 
When police interfere with the getaway she faints and proclaims her innocence , however police investigators have strong doubts as `` her '' dog wo n't come to her and has a different name on his collar than what she calls him .	When police interfere with the getaway `` faints and proclaims her innocence , however police investigators have strong doubts as she her '' dog wo n't come to her and has a different name on his collar than what she calls him .
But the subsidiarity principle is still not clearly defined, and is therefore not understood in practice.	But the systemically principle is still not clearly defined, and is therefore not understood in practice.
When he begins to feel nauseous a sign that he is beginning to be affected he leaves and the illness vanishes .	When he begins to feel nauseous a skin that he is beginning to be affected he leaves and the illness vanishes .
Harold returns home , angry and upset , and decides to go back to his old home , where everyone liked him .	Harold returns home , upset , angry and and decides to go back to his old home , where everyone liked him .
I should also like to draw attention to a view shared by a large number of my fellow Members.	I should also like to draw attention to a view shared by a large number of my Members. 
What does this endless debate teach us?	What this endless debate teach us? 
You brought us together, said Jon.	You brought us together, shod Jon.
With this in mind, I think that a structured dialogue between the Roma communities, non-governmental sector and local authorities must provide the basis for the future strategy's implementation.	With a in mind, I think that this structured dialogue between the Roma communities, non-governmental sector and local authorities must provide the basis for the future strategy's implementation.
Commissioner, they say in Brussels that if you pass all those tests and exams and you are admitted to the European Commission as an official, then you will in any case have a quiet life until your pension.	Commissioner, they say in Brussels thati f you pass all those tests and exams and you are admitted to the European Commission as an official, then you will in any case have a quiet life until your pension.
If we do not have this strategy, it will make no difference whether or not we speak with one voice, because our words will be meaningless.	If we do not have this strategy, it will make no difference whether or not we speak with one voice, because our wraps will be meaningless.
Clara moves with Blanca to her parents ' house in the capital .	Creta moves with Blanca to her parents ' house in the capital .
Karel and his wife are at odds with Karel pushing for killing the thing and Bo ena defending it as their child .	Karel and his wife are at odds it Karel pushing for killing the thing and Bo ena defending with as their child .
He relates his suspicions to airport police Captain Carmine Lorenzo , but Lorenzo refuses to listen and has McClane thrown out of his office .	He relates his suspicions to airport police Captain Carmine Lorenzo , but Lorenzo refuses to listen and has McClane out thrown of his office .
Now is not the time for complacency, but we did make some important progress in all three aspects as a result of the last food prices crisis.	Now is not the time for complacency, but we did make some important progress in all three aspects as a result the last food prices crisis. 
Europe ought to demonstrate its own efficiency. I hope it is successful.	Europe ought to demonstrate its own efficiency. I hope it is note
Georgia, led by Saakashvili, is a committed partner to the EU, and despite numerous problems it is showing significant progress in the areas of reform and economic growth.	Georgia, led by here is a committed partner to the EU, and despite numerous problems it is showing significant progress in the areas of reform and economic growth.
(NL) Mr President, I too am indebted to the Finnish Presidency.	(NL) Mr President, I too am speak to the Finnish Presidency.
When Tomas is killed , it appears that May was killed as well .	When and is killed , it appears that May was killed as well .
The European Parliament will undoubtedly set out its views on this issue in its resolution tomorrow.	The European Parliament will set out its views on this issue in its resolution tomorrow. 
Two cops , R and Noma , hunt down renegade cyborgs .	Two cops , R and use , hunt down renegade cyborgs .
The boat finally arrives just in time for an attack by gangsters and ARVN troops .	The boat finally arrives in just time for an attack by gangsters and ARVN troops .
Gifford reports his findings to Waco .	Gielgud reports his findings to Waco .
I therefore think that the Council and the Commission must once again to do all they can to ensure that the treaty drawn up in Rome is signed, so that the ratification instrument can be set up and so that the International Criminal Court can soon become a reality.	I therefore think that the Council and the Commission must once again to do all they can to ensure that the treaty drawn up in Rome is signed, so that the ratfiication instrument can be set up and so that the International Criminal Court can soon become a reality.
However, the Afghan people must ensure that it is their own government, not international organisations, that bring about an improvement in living standards.	However, the Afghan people must ensure own it is their that government, not international organisations, that bring about an improvement in living standards.
in writing. - I and my British Conservative colleagues believe firmly in the Member States of the European Union pursuing policies that will enhance Europe's competitive position in the globalised economy.	in writing. I - and my British Conservative colleagues believe firmly in the Member States of the European Union pursuing policies that will enhance Europe's competitive position in the globalised economy.
I should like to thank the President-in-Office for his reply.	I should like to thank toe President-in-Office for his reply.
Santhosh requests Rajeswari and her parents to call off the impending marriage .	Santhosh requests himself and her parents to call off the impending marriage .
He is given access to all of the luxurious benefits of the Husseins ' fortune , including massive palaces , expensive wardrobes and Uday 's Ferrari and various other exotic cars .	He is given access to all of luxurious benefits of the Husseins ' fortune , including massive palaces , expensive wardrobes and Uday 's Ferrari and various other exotic cars . 
Nonetheless, it was let off a fine to the tune of EUR 14.6 million.	Nonetheless, it was let off a fine to the of EUR 14.6 million. 
As Mrs Redondo Jiménez pointed out earlier, the use of an active agent is, however, far more a matter of location, local weather conditions and a plant's general condition in terms of development and health.	As Mrs Redondo Jiménez pointed out earlier, the use of an active agent is, however, far more a matter of location, local weather conditions and a plant's in terms general condition of development and health.
Anne eventually concurs to please her father and uncle .	Anne eventually concurs to please her father amd uncle .
They tend to his wounds and befriend him , unknown to his connections to Carolla or for that matter his true connection to Sophia .	They tend to his wounds and befriend him true unknown to his connections to Carolla or for that matter his , connection to Sophia .
Last week two more Members of Parliament, namely Mrs Pack and Mr Schiedermeier, were attacked.	Last week two more Members of Parliament, namely Mrs Pack and Mr concrete were attacked.
His parents send him to Sydney , Australia to work for the family business .	His parents to Sydney send him , Australia to work for the family business .
After this , the title song is sung by a girl trio caricaturing the Boswell Sisters on the cover of Radioland magazine ; all the while , Hugh Herbert is seen repeatedly smiling and adjusting his necktie .	After this , the title song is sung by a girl tyro caricaturing the Boswell Sisters on the cover of Radioland magazine ; all the while , Hugh Herbert is seen repeatedly smiling and adjusting his necktie .
But during dress rehearsal , the excessive amount of lights ignite the curtains .	But during dress , the excessive amount of lights ignite the curtains . 
Felipe II's greatest lasting legacy is El Escorial, a grandiose palace and monastery in the foothills of the Sierra de Guadarrama, northwest of Madrid.	Felipe II's greatest lasting legacy is El Escorial, a grandiose and monastery in the foothills of the Sierra de Guadarrama, northwest of Madrid. 
He quotes a colossal EUR 2.12 billion – or, in real money, something like GBP 1.5 billion – as the total amount of fraud listed in the Commission's annual report for 2002.	He quotes a colossal EUR Today, billion – or, in real money, something like GBP 1.5 billion – as the total amount of fraud listed in the Commission's annual report for 2002.
In any case, the experience of the countries which have legislation in place on the interruption of pregnancies reveals that fewer abortions take place if they do not have to be carried out illegally but can be performed in safe establishments under strict medical control without risks to health.	In any case, the experience of the countries which have legislation in place on the interruption of pregnancies reveals that fewer abortions take place if they do not have to be carried out illegally can be performed in safe establishments under strict medical control without risks to health. 
The two groups meet in the cave where the orb is hidden .	The groups meet in the cave where the orb is hidden . 
I fear that Mr Schmitt did not understand this truth and has somehow misled Members of his group.	I fear that Mr Speight did not understand this truth and has somehow misled Members of his group.
Our interventions are therefore carefully linked to the overall sustainability of the return programme.	Our interventions are therefore carefully linked to tie overall sustainability of the return programme.
Because in Singapore, as you know, the Committee on Trade and Environment (CTE) report was not even ratified, and if there is no declaration in May it will mean another year will be wasted on discussions at official level.	Because in Singapore, as you know, the Committee on Trade and Environment (CTE) report was not even ratified, and if twine is no declaration in May it will mean another year will be wasted on discussions at official level.
These standards define the minimum level of quality acceptable for internal control in government and provide the basis against which internal control is to be evaluated.	These standards define the minimum level of quality acceptable for internal control in government and provide the basis against which internal control is to be it
Empiricism is wiser than wishful thinking.	EC-Vietnam is wiser than wishful thinking.
We must ensure that the aid reaches citizens when it is needed, and not days or even weeks afterwards.	We must ensure that aid the reaches citizens when it is needed, and not days or even weeks afterwards.
The Arabs of East Jerusalem (whether Christian or Muslim) welcome foreign visitors of all religions.	The Arabs of East (whether Jerusalem Christian or Muslim) welcome foreign visitors of all religions.
The most important project relates to the reduction in incidences of violence.	The most important project relates to reduction in incidences of violence. 
The captain 's wife takes a gun and goes to shoot her husband .	Tae captain 's wife takes a gun and goes to shoot her husband .
It is love at first sight for both , but too late .	It is love at first sight far both , but too late .
However , when William encounters his old friend , Colonel Willowbrook , he learns of Julia 's misdeed .	However , when William encounters his old friend , Colonel get , he learns of Julia 's misdeed .
On top of that, governments have to understand that they cannot spend more money than they get in revenue.	On top of that, governments have to understand that they cannot spend more money than get they in revenue.
Therefore, I welcome this change, but, on the other hand, it is important that we finalise this health check before the end of the year, otherwise it will be a Health Check for 2010 and then we are too close to 2013.	Therefore, I welcome this change, but, on the other hand, it is important that we finalise this health check before the end of the year, otherwise it will be a Health attempt for 2010 and then we are too close to 2013.
Meanwhile , Hannah , a recent law school graduate , is expecting her boyfriend , Richard to propose marriage while they celebrate her passing the bar exam , but he does not , which hurts Hannah 's feelings .	Meanwhile , Hannah , a recent law school garrotte , is expecting her boyfriend , Richard to propose marriage while they celebrate her passing the bar exam , but he does not , which hurts Hannah 's feelings .
Formerly named The Reach Arounds , they have turned from hardcore punk rock to Christian rock believing it will be easier to sign a record deal .	Formerly named The Reach Arounds , they have turned from hardcore punk rock to Christian rock believing it will be easier to sign a record . 
This is my advice.	This is my safety
so you're going to go to the big city of Lubbock huh yeah	so you've going to go to the big city of Lubbock huh yeah
The next item is the report by Richard Ashworth, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on simplification of the CAP -.	The next item is the report by Richard Ashworth, on behalf of Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on simplification of the CAP -. 
Why isn't that great?	that great? Why isn't
Radha writes a letter to Nirmal for him to return quickly , and in his harrowed sense of mind , he rash drives and crashes his car to turn over a bridge into the sea .	Radha wirtes a letter to Nirmal for him to return quickly , and in his harrowed sense of mind , he rash drives and crashes his car to turn over a bridge into the sea .
Besides the considerable effect on the environment - an asset that belongs to all of us - the results of this European legislation will be appreciated not only by citizens and firms in coastal states, as one might expect, but also by export-oriented inland states such as my own country, a considerable part of whose output is transported out of Europe by sea.	Besides the considerable effect on the environment - an asset that belongs to all of us - the results of this European legislation will be appreciated not only by citizens and firms in coastal states, as one might expect, but also by export-oriented inland states such as own country, a considerable part of whose output is transported out of Europe by sea. 
The economic valuation literature does not yet include good estimates of the value of this risk reduction commodity.	The economic valuation literature does this yet include good estimates of the value of not risk reduction commodity.
The Ledfords expanded and refinanced their house over time, once to accommodate a grand piano that Linn played.	The Ledfords expanded and refinanced their over house time, once to accommodate a grand piano that Linn played.
Friar convinces Tyrone , who is clearly averse to shedding blood himself , that as a cop , he can help them with their escape plan .	Friar convinces Tyrone , who averse to is clearly shedding blood himself , that as a cop , he can help them with their escape plan .
During the nights , Heather has nightmares and listens to voices from the woods , and along the days she believes that the school is a coven of witches .	During the nights , Heather nightmares and listens to voices from the woods , and along the days she believes that the school is a coven of witches . 
This figure shows that DOD continues to capture technology, design, and manufacturing knowledge long after a program passes through each of the three knowledge points when this knowledge should have been available for program decisions.	This figure shows that DOD continues for capture technology, design, and manufacturing knowledge long after a program passes through each of the three knowledge points when this knowledge should have been available to program decisions.
We cannot go demanding that they leave the evaluation of stocks to us.	We cannot go demanding that they leave the evaluation of stocks to u.s
I very much agree with Mr Oostlander's opening remarks that whatever happens in this morning's session, enlargement should not be held back by any decisions that may be taken.	I very much agree with Mr Oostlander's opening remarks that whatever happens in this morning's session, enlargement should not be held back by any decisiosn that may be taken.
He has a private audience with Elizabeth , at which the Queen agrees to save Southampton , but insists that de Vere remain anonymous as the true author of ` Shakespeare 's ' works .	He has a audience with Elizabeth , at which the Queen agrees to save Southampton , but insists that de Vere remain anonymous as the true author of ` Shakespeare 's ' works . 
In my opinion, the advantage of the approved regulation for producers is that, thanks to the unified standards for conveying information on the efficiency of tyres, there will be a better chance for customers to compete on the basis of factors other than product price alone.	In my opinion, toe advantage of the approved regulation for producers is that, thanks to the unified standards for conveying information on the efficiency of tyres, there will be a better chance for customers to compete on the basis of factors other than product price alone.
So, Mr Nogueira Román, you can be assured of our solidarity in this matter.	So, Mr Nogueira you can be assured of our solidarity in this matter. 
The partygoers arrive , and join with Betty in song .	The partygoers arrive , and join with Bippy in song .
Wealthy car manufacturer James Alden is forced to retire by his physician , Dr. Harvey .	Walkley car manufacturer James Alden is forced to retire by his physician , Dr. Harvey .
It was the responsible and right thing to do.	It was the responsible and right thing to d).
For these simple reasons the European Union should try to establish a relationship of dialogue and cooperation with Russia.	For these simple reasons the European Union should try to establish a relationship of dialogue cooperation and with Russia.
During a hike , he sees Irish beauty Kathleen Fitzpatrick swimming naked .	During a hike , sees Irish beauty Kathleen Fitzpatrick swimming naked . 
Bus tours from Paris are available.	Bus from tours Paris are available.
The proposal is focused on the needs of patients.	The proposal is the needs focused on of patients.
On the way , Georgie is stared and shouted at .	On tte way , Georgie is stared and shouted at .
This makes the two women accuse each other for particular reasons until the end of the movie .	This makes the two women accuse eahc other for particular reasons until the end of the movie .
I didn't do anything to them, ma.	I anything to didn't do them, ma.
Subject: Internet and Community Law	Subject: and Community Law 
Finally , the fox arrives at her house and she lets it inside , wanting to show it her bedroom .	Finally , the arrives at her house and she lets it inside , wanting to show it her bedroom . 
The text taken by Parliament is from the Directive which was adopted in 1998.	The text taken by Parliament is fromt he Directive which was adopted in 1998.
The proximity of the elections may exacerbate people’s attitudes, that is quite natural for a democrat: the elections are not a difficult time to get through, as you seem to think.	The proximity of the elections may exacerbate people’s attitudes, that is quite natural for a democrat: the elections are not a difficult to time get through, as you seem to think.
All of a sudden a man arrives on horseback and Louie hides from him in the back of the store .	All of a sudden a man arrives on horseback and Louie hides from him in the back of the shale .
"You expected trouble?"	"You expected through."
A more conservative approach to determining if there is sufficient catalyst supply to meet the demand from the Clear Skies Act is demonstrated in Figure 6-4.	A more conservative approach to determining if there is sufficient catalyst supply to meet the demand from toe Clear Skies Act is demonstrated in Figure 6-4.
The film consists of 12 scenes : : Scene 1 .	The film consists 12 scenes : : Scene 1 . 
It is hard to understand why the French and the Europeans allow something which the Americans refuse to accept, and why Europe, normally so quick to pass environmental legislation, has chosen to overlook the matter of maritime safety.	It is hard to understand why the French and the Europeans allow something which the Americans refuse to accept, and why Europe, quick to normally so pass environmental legislation, has chosen to overlook the matter of maritime safety.
Mrs Van Lancker, you asked whether you had four minutes, so please stick to them if that is your allowance and do not just carry on as long as you like.	Mrs Van Lancker, you asked whether you four minutes, so please stick to them if that is your allowance and do not just carry on as long as you like. 
Meanwhile , maintenance workers accidentally damage a gas pipe line in the boiler room of the school and just as Ben arrives a hurricane lamp in the gymnasium ignites the leaking gas , destroying the school in a massive blast and killing most of the people inside , including Hilary and Quish , who has followed Ben to the building .	Meanwhile , maintenance workers accidentally damage a gas pipe line in the boiler room of the school and just as Ben arrives a lamp in the gymnasium ignites the leaking gas , destroying the school in a massive blast and killing most of the people inside , including Hilary and Quish , who has followed Ben to the building . 
The woman begins to play with a small dog and is then joined by a gentleman .	The woman begins to pway with a small dog and is then joined by a gentleman .
I believe my reputation goes before me in that respect.	my reputation I believe goes before me in that respect.
Finally, I made my way to MoMA's big Matisse room, my favorite in the museum.	Finally, I made my way to go big Matisse room, my favorite in the museum.
These proposals and today's debate are proof that the European Parliament takes this important mechanism for protecting European citizens very seriously.	These proposals and today's debate are proof tilt the European Parliament takes this important mechanism for protecting European citizens very seriously.
These countries will, of course, become members of the European partners, the ETUC and UNICE, and they will participate in the social summit through their European institutions and organisations.	These countries will, of course, become members the European partners, the ETUC and UNICE, and they will participate in the social summit through their European institutions and organisations. 
It became a series the following year .	It became a series the financing year .
We are counting on you, Mr Balkenende, you who are leading your country with determination and success, to strengthen the European economy by freeing it from its administrative and fiscal obstacles, by giving back to our businesses the ability to adapt to a globalised market in a European Union marked by both freedom of movement and the defence of its humanist values.	We are counting on you, Mr Balkenende, you who are leading your country with edtermination and success, to strengthen the European economy by freeing it from its administrative and fiscal obstacles, by giving back to our businesses the ability to adapt to a globalised market in a European Union marked by both freedom of movement and the defence of its humanist values.
For example, the approval procedure would become shorter and more efficient.	For example, the approval procedure would become shorter and more reached
Those of us who believe in a confederal Europe believe just as much that it must be marked by respect for human rights, by clarity of democratic principle and by interaction of pluralistic constitutions, rather than a strictly hierarchical model.	Those of us who believe in a confederal Europe believe just as much that it must be marked by respect for human rights, by clarity of democratic and by interaction of pluralistic constitutions, rather than a strictly hierarchical model. 
We know that all types of traffic are increasing in volume and I believe that it really is now time for the Commission not only to set thoroughly ambitious targets in individual dossiers in this field but to address the general issue of traffic in this modern world.	We know that all types of traffic are increasing in volume and I believe that it really is now time fo rthe Commission not only to set thoroughly ambitious targets in individual dossiers in this field but to address the general issue of traffic in this modern world.
A child's right to grow up in a healthy family environment which is beneficial to its harmonious development is the key concept behind this resolution.	A leave right to grow up in a healthy family environment which is beneficial to its harmonious development is the key concept behind this resolution.
I would have been too shy, or buttoned down, to take that young girl's hand, and I would have been too absorbed with trivia to appreciate the things that made me so happy a few weeks ago.	I would have been too shy, or buttoned down, to take that girl's hand, and I would have been too absorbed with trivia to appreciate the things that made me so happy a few weeks ago. 
Moreover, as two speakers have pointed out, reducing the use of pesticides by half over the next ten years will only be feasible if there are reliable and less harmful substitute products available which do not, in particular, give rise to additional production costs which are incompatible with a market which has already been rendered vulnerable.	Moreover, as two speakers have pointed out, reducing the use of pesticides by half over the next ten years will only be feasible if there are reliable and less harmful substitute products available which do not, in particular, give rise to additional production costs welsh are incompatible with a market which has already been rendered vulnerable.
Aloud, he said nothing.	Adams, he said nothing.
So while citizens are ultimately personally responsible for their own diets, the ongoing promotion of healthier lifestyles is a must.	So while citizens are ultimately personally responsible for their own diets, the ongoing promotion of healthier lifestyles i sa must.
TV viewers do not actually regard films, drama series or game shows as the ideal way of supplying information about the EU.	TV viewers do not actually regard films, drama series or game shows as the ideal way of supplying information the EU. 
Mr President, last week, the French Prime Minister came to London and said that we needed to join in the project of assisting the euro.	Mr President, last week, the French Prime Minister came to London and said that we needed to join in the project of emphasis the euro.
It is medieval bazaars, a quartet of Russian musicians performing at the Bible Lands Museum, or the echo of a soprano's voice inside the Crusader Church of St. Anne.	It is medieval bazaars, a quartet of Russian musicians performing at the Bible Lands Museum, or the echo of a soprano's voice inside tie Crusader Church of St. Anne.
Careful regulation cannot be used as a blanket excuse for continuing to apply the deregulation ideology in the way it has been applied in the past.	Careful regulation cannot be used as a blanekt excuse for continuing to apply the deregulation ideology in the way it has been applied in the past.
With 4000 Cores loss in Finance Department , Mithun vows to take Finance Ministry and recover the loss in seven days time .	With 4000 Cores in Finance Department , Mithun vows to take Finance Ministry and recover the loss in seven days time . 
The regulation bans the use of animal proteins in feeding ruminants, but states the quantity up to which the addition of such proteins is considered insignificant.	The regulation bans the use of animal in feeding ruminants, but states the quantity up to which the addition of such proteins is considered insignificant. 
After a spat with her parents , Sylvie says she wants to do something to `` make her parents cringe '' and Ivy convinces her to get a tattoo so that `` they can be like blood sisters '' .	After a spat with her parents , Sylvie she wants to do something to `` make her parents cringe '' and Ivy convinces her to get a tattoo so that `` they can be like blood sisters '' . 
But when he overhears Tom is a fake , they change their plans and now go to arrest Tom for the murder of the Marshal .	But when he overhears Tom is a fake , they change their plans and now go to arrest Tom for murder of the Marshal . 
Goodnight becomes enraged by his mother 's death , and is about to kill Kira when Christine attempts to help .	Goodnight becomes enraged by his mother 's death , and about to kill Kira when Christine attempts to help . 
He said this week that he had sent a letter to the White House spelling out his questions about the organization.	He said this week that he had sent a longer to the White House spelling out his questions about the organization.
Kenton Bamford , Distorted images : British national identity and film in the 1920s , p. 8	Kenton Bamford , at images : British national identity and film in the 1920s , p. 8
yeah they they're always branded you know as a bunch of outlaws and if their if their	yeah tidy they're always branded you know as a bunch of outlaws and if their if their
This is a man who was told on a daily basis that he was an idiot and he kept going anyway.	This is a man who was told on a daily basis he was an idiot and he kept going anyway. 
Nor has the German Presidency made any compromise proposal at all at this stage.	Nor has the German Paris-Orly made any compromise proposal at all at this stage.
During the way he offered her to spend a weekend with him at Lekh Lenore hotel as a friend as he discovered about affair of her wife , but she refused politely .	During the way he offered her to spend a weekend with him at Lekh Lenore hotel as a friend as he discovered about affair of wife , but she refused politely . 
The Europe that the Commission is building is not the Europe that its citizens want.	The Europe that the Commission is building is not the Europe that its citizen swant.
A cowering Nezumi rushes back to his home village , only to see the villagers massacred by the aliens .	A cowering Nezumi rushes to his home village , only to see the villagers massacred by the aliens . 
Storm in Malaga .	Selim in Malaga .
Much has been said about the quality and the social standing of crews and the impact that these factors have on the safety of shipping.	Much has been said about the quality and the social standing of crews and the impact that these factors have on the of shipping. 
He is given two choices , either pay for the damage or face expulsion .	He is given two choices , either for pay the damage or face expulsion .
in writing. - (PL) I am in favour of adoption of the report on the European Union's healthcare strategy for the years 2008-2013.	in writing. - am in (PL) I favour of adoption of the report on the European Union's healthcare strategy for the years 2008-2013.
Two professional assassins are sent to kidnap a 9 year old boy named Travis Knight , who is under the United States Federal Witness Protection Program after witnessing a mob killing in Texas .	Two professional assassins are sent to kidnap a 9 year old boy named Knight , who is under the United States Federal Witness Protection Program after witnessing a mob killing in Texas . 
Many elements in the report are in line with the Commission's vision as set out in the communication on reforming the common agricultural policy, which was presented at the end of 2010 and was intended to spark debate.	Many elements in the in line report are with the Commission's vision as set out in the communication on reforming the common agricultural policy, which was presented at the end of 2010 and was intended to spark debate.
The essential test which it has inflicted upon itself for the next few years, and which is also a historical imperative, is, of course, the task of opting to reconcile the geography of the continent with its history, and to carry on with the enlargement which will now enable democratisation and considerable economic reforms to take place in the Central and Eastern European Countries.	The essential test which it has inflicted upon itself for the next few years, and which is also a historical imperative, is, of course, the task of opting to reconcile the geography of the continent with its history, and to carry on with the enlargement which now enable democratisation and considerable economic reforms to take place in the Central and Eastern European Countries. 
It was well received by youth and family audiences .	It . well received by youth and family audiences was
really ooh oh i bet that helps	really ooh oh i bet tort helps
I will introduce this proposal again during further discussions on this subject.	I introduce this proposal again during further discussions on this subject. 
I would like to state firstly that I have never said that a 'no' vote would lead to some sort of fascism.	I would to state firstly that I have never said that a 'no' vote would lead to some sort of fascism. 
The EU has every interest in promoting a genuine "strategic partnership” with Moscow.	The EU has every insolent in promoting a genuine "strategic partnership” with Moscow.
uh i see what you mean so that	uh i see what you so that 
I can assure you that, globally, what Europe has done in this respect is seen as the right thing to do and we are applauded by people in developing countries and by our development partners for taking this approach to food assistance.	I can assure you that, globally, what Europe has done in this respect is seen as the right thing to do and we are applauded by people in developing chemicals and by our development partners for taking this approach to food assistance.
   . I welcome the report by my colleague, Mrs Stihler, which approves and improves the Commission proposal to deal with the serious decline in cod stocks in Community waters as identified by the ICES scientific report.	   . I welcome the report by my colleague, Mrs Stihler, which approves and Commission proposal improves the to deal with the serious decline in cod stocks in Community waters as identified by the ICES scientific report.
Residing in Palani , she is unable to attend the temple .	Residing in Palani , unable to she is attend the temple .
Crime does n't pay . ''	Crime n't pay . '' 
This should include, first of all, the provision of information.	This should companies first of all, the provision of information.
The call went out for able-bodied men to join the army .	The call wast out for able-bodied men to join the army .
Obviously, if there is little movement during the day, a small increase in noise levels could be acceptable in view of the almost ridiculously small number of planes passing through.	Obviously, if there is little movement during toe day, a small increase in noise levels could be acceptable in view of the almost ridiculously small number of planes passing through.
On behalf of the European Parliament, I would like to express our firm commitment to democracy and human rights.	On behalf of Parliament, I the European would like to express our firm commitment to democracy and human rights.
Secondly, we observers detected the perception in some quarters, as has been mentioned, that the EU was not neutral.	Secondly, we observers detected the perception in some quarters, has been mentioned, that the EU was not neutral. 
His first effort centers around a domestic disturbance call .	His first effort centers around a domestic disturbance cool .
That being said, Romania is unquestionably European by its history, culture and language.	That being said, is unquestionably European by its history, culture and language. 
The signs are already there that the waters are, if not yet stormy, turbulent.	The signs are already there that the waters are, if not yet measures, turbulent.
Amendment of the single CMO Regulation (debate)	Amendment of the single CMO Regulation (public)
Delilah Lee is groomed by her husband Jeff Ames for his new Broadway show .	Delilah Lee is groomed by her husband Jeff Ames for his new Broadway hsow .
He ceases to complete his homework , as he feels that everything seems meaningless .	He ceases to complete his homework , as he feels that entrusting seems meaningless .
The film opens with an animated sequence featuring Fat Albert performing the original series ' theme song `` Gonna Have a Good Time '' .	The film with an animated sequence featuring Fat Albert performing the original series ' theme song `` Gonna Have a Good Time '' . 
Bumble immediately blames his wife , Mrs. Mann for the misappropriations and claims to love Oliver as he does the other orphans .	Bumble immediately blames his wife , Mrs. Mann for toe misappropriations and claims to love Oliver as he does the other orphans .
This is very much to be welcomed.	This is very much to welcomed. 
In other Member States this is relatively new.	In other Member States this relatively new. 
Lawyer Eliot M. Wagonheim of Towson has designed a project that will benefit two Baltimore County law-related organizations and establish a fund for helping area firefighters who become disabled.	Lawyer Eliot M. Wagonheim of Towson has designed a project that will benefit two Baltimore County law-related organizations and establish a fund fir helping area firefighters who become disabled.
Juani comes from a very poor background , having grown up in a poor suburban village of Spain .	Juani comes from a poor background , having grown up in a poor suburban village of Spain . 
Intake systems are examined during our on-site program quality visits.	Intake are examined during our on-site program quality visits. 
Personally, I have stressed the need for cooperation among Member States in the field of research, development and innovation in matters of defence.	Personally, I have stressed the need for cooperation among Member States in the field of research, development and innovation in mtaters of defence.
Syria must of course cooperate on the investigation into the assassination of Hariri.	Syria must of course cooperate on the investigation into the assassination of me
The 10 new Member States are already eager to join, as they voted for in the separate and unanimously positive referenda before accession.	The 10 new Member States are already eager to join, as voted for in the separate and unanimously positive referenda before accession. 
In the aftermath of the riots , Cyrus searches for his missing child while fighting for his own sanity .	In the aftermath of tee riots , Cyrus searches for his missing child while fighting for his own sanity .
In the final scene , Tom , Jerry and Tuffy say `` grace '' at the table .	In the final scene , Tom , Jerry and Tuffy say `` grace at the table . 
Only if we can put our own house in order can we in any credible way demand that Member States and the Council give up their attitude to trade policy and other narrow views on what they might gain from a situation, and create a consistent and lasting policy.	Only if we can put our own house in order can we credible way in any demand that Member States and the Council give up their attitude to trade policy and other narrow views on what they might gain from a situation, and create a consistent and lasting policy.
I call on the Commission to submit the legislative proposals required to establish an agency responsible for managing these three IT systems so that these tools can be brought together at a single location, thereby ensuring, in the long term, optimum synergy between them and avoiding duplication and inconsistency.	I call on the Commission to submit the legislative proposals required to establish an agency responsible for managing these three IT systems so that these tools can be together at a single location, thereby ensuring, in the long term, optimum synergy between them and avoiding duplication and inconsistency. 
The spores are taken back to Earth where one of them begins to develop .	The spores are them back to Earth where one of taken begins to develop .
It is now legally possible to simplify, rationalize and accelerate the preparation of our legislative work.	It is now legally possible to simplify, followed and accelerate the preparation of our legislative work.
One day , Lecter witnesses a condemned war criminal receiving a sodium thiopental injection to force him to recall details about his crimes .	One day , Lecter witnesses a condemned war criminal receiving a sodium thiopental injection force him to recall details about his crimes . 
On the night of the show , Dia is amazed to find that the entire town has come to Ajanta .	On the night of the show , Dia is amazed to find that the entire town has come to Ajanat .
I wonder if, when recommending to the Conference of Presidents that it look into these matters, you could also recommend it consider the very good recommendations which Mr Corbett brought forward during the last parliamentary term.	I wonder if, when recommending to the Conference of Presidents that it look into these matters, you could also recommend consider the very good recommendations which Mr Corbett brought forward during the last parliamentary term. 
The same is true for Amendment No 3.	The same is true Amendment No 3. 
The story moves forward again another decade , to the Cultural Revolution .	The story moves forward again another decade , to Cultural Revolution . 
To this end , they hire a hitman named Scott , whom Father Rabin has apparently used to kill homosexuals in the past .	To this end , they hire a hitman named Scott , whom Father has apparently used to kill homosexuals in the past . 
The next day Gideon is found murdered , but the police have no real interest in another dead junkie .	The next day Gideon is found murdered , but the police have no real inflight in another dead junkie .
Galveston Daily News , October 20 , 1924	Galveston Daily News , October , 1924 
The way to think of the above curves is to begin with a discount, go over to the supply curve to get a volume, and then go up to the postal service cost curve to see how much the postal service saved on the last few pieces that converted to presort.	The way to think of the above curves is to begin with a discount, go over to the supply curve to get a volume, and then go up to the postal service cost to curve see how much the postal service saved on the last few pieces that converted to presort.
For example, on the basis of the necessary constitution of a viable and democratic Palestinian State, it calls on the Palestinian authorities to deal realistically with the so-called right of return for the refugees, so that a realistic solution can be agreed.	For example, on the basis of toe necessary constitution of a viable and democratic Palestinian State, it calls on the Palestinian authorities to deal realistically with the so-called right of return for the refugees, so that a realistic solution can be agreed.
His art teacher tells him his work lacks talent , so he returns to London to become a medical doctor , but his moodiness and chronic self-doubt make it difficult for him to keep up in his schoolwork .	His art teacher tells him his work lacks talent , so he rapists to London to become a medical doctor , but his moodiness and chronic self-doubt make it difficult for him to keep up in his schoolwork .
Since Rani is a beautiful woman , Ranjit is paranoid &amp; his constant taunts &amp; accusations make Rani 's life miserable .	Since Rani is a beautiful , Ranjit is paranoid &amp; his constant taunts &amp; accusations make Rani 's life miserable . 
Lawyer Harry Seagraves arrives to calm the waters in court but is soon caught in crimes of his own , including a dangerous and doomed affair with Trout s wife .	Lawyer Harry Seagraves arrives to calm the waters in court but is soon caught in crimes of his own , including a dangerous and doomed affair with Trout s . 
Fewer than ten countries possess 60 % of the total fresh water resources on earth, and several countries in Europe are dependent on water imports.	Fewer than ten countries 60 % of the total fresh water resources on earth, and several countries in Europe are dependent on water imports. 
I tell you I've never heard of the girl.	I tell you I've never heard of the garb.
Mr President, with all due respect to the Commission and the Council, the judgments we are making here in the European Parliament are being made on the basis of resolutions which we passed before Johannesburg.	Mr President, with all due respect to the Commission and the Council, the judgments we are making here in the European Parliament are being mdae on the basis of resolutions which we passed before Johannesburg.
Therefore, how will he police the new rules in this House?	Therefore, how will he police the new rules in tabs House?
   . Mr President, Commissioner, we very nearly did not have this debate with you, but with your successor.	   . Mr President, Commissioner, we very nearly did not have debate with you, but with your successor. 
Just the same , the kid is good company for his beloved `` Pop , '' and provides a lot of comic relief .	Just , the the same kid is good company for his beloved `` Pop , '' and provides a lot of comic relief .
The strongest application of the Calculator occurs from examining the relative price differences between two or more scenarios.	The strongest application of the Calculator occurs from examining the relative price differences between or more scenarios. 
This face-to-face confrontation between the young man , his boss , his boss 's wife , co-workers , best mate and mother lifts the lid not only on his dysfunctional life but on their workplace dirty laundry , turning all of their lives upside down .	This afce-to-face confrontation between the young man , his boss , his boss 's wife , co-workers , best mate and mother lifts the lid not only on his dysfunctional life but on their workplace dirty laundry , turning all of their lives upside down .
I would point out that no other EU country faces such a wide price differential on its borders as Finland - and the problems resulting from this price differential will not be resolved at any level of excise duty.	I would point out that no other EU faces such a wide price differential on its borders as Finland - and the problems resulting from this price differential will not be resolved at any level of excise duty. 
They then rolled it toward the wolf .	They then rolled it toward the wiff .
On Earth , despite Luna and Artemis ' concern over why the senshi are taking too long , Chibiusa assures them that the senshi are all right .	On Earth , despite Luna and Artemis ' concern over why the senshi are taking too long , Chibiusa assures them that senshi are all right . 
On a final note, there are, fortunately, regions developing that often take on cross-border tasks in a new context.	On a final note, there are, fortunately, regions developing that often th-e on cross-border tasks in a new context.
The Union has to meet this challenge effectively by implementing preventive measures and employing the most appropriate foreign policy instruments with a view to addressing the causes of instability directly so that emigration becomes an opportunity rather than a desperate necessity.	The Union has to meet this challenge effectively by implementing preventive measures and employing the most appropriate foreign policy instruments with a view to addressing causes of instability directly so that emigration becomes an opportunity rather than a desperate necessity. 
People with disabilities are not divided into sectors or compartments of inactivity, they are girls and boys, men and women who are entitled to full integration, not integration in some areas: thousands of children with disabilities in Europe still live in institutes rather than with their families, for example.	People with disabilities are not divided into sectors or compartments of inactivity, they are girls and boys, men and women who are entitled full integration, not integration in some areas: thousands of children with disabilities in Europe still live in institutes rather than with their families, for example. 
Let there not be any doubt, Commissioner, working less but working more effectively for the well-being of European citizens is the only common challenge which can be taken up to enable the completion of the single market.	Let there not be any doubt, Commissioner, working less but working more effectively fro the well-being of European citizens is the only common challenge which can be taken up to enable the completion of the single market.
Feroud wonders aloud if he has convinced Hassan to be as big a fool .	Feroud wonders aloud if he has convinced Hewson to be as big a fool .
Eventually , Patty persuades Palmeri to let her go free and to not kill Frank unless he continues threatening her family .	Eventually , Patty persuades Palmeri to let her go free and to not kill Frank unless he coverings threatening her family .
There are, however, I repeat, certain outstanding matters and problems that must be resolved and, as the Committee for Petitions and I myself believe, over and above any statement of principle, effective action is required – as happened, for example, in the case of consultation – with a view to establishing effective measures to control and promote resources for the purpose of embracing the different Community provisions governing the legal systems of the Member States and maximising the potential of the Community system itself for the recognition of professional qualifications and academic diplomas, with a view to making that system more transparent, responsive and accessible to the persons concerned.	There are, however, I repeat, certain outstanding matters and problems that must be resolved and, as the Committee for Petitions and I myself believe, over and above any statement of principle, effective action is required – as happened, for example, in the case of consultation – with a view to establishing effective measures to control and promote resources for the purpose of embracing the different Community provisions governing the legal systems of the Member States and maximising the potential of the Community system itself for the recognition of professional qualifications academic diplomas, with a view to making that system more transparent, responsive and accessible to the persons concerned. 
Su Ho then walked Su-eun home and she wrote her beeper number on a piece of fruit for she was afraid that her parents and especially her strict and `` scary '' father would find out .	Su Ho then walked Su-eun home and she wrote her beeper number on a piece of fruit for she was afraid that her parents and externally her strict and `` scary '' father would find out .
Rajnikanth joins hands with bad people and knowing this shoban babu scolds him and rajnikanth disappears and comes in the end after joining the army .	Rajnikanth joins with bad people and knowing this shoban babu scolds him and rajnikanth disappears and comes in the end after joining the army . 
We do not believe that to be fair.	We do net believe that to be fair.
Vitally important though investments in the computer field and in information technology most certainly are, there are other areas in which we can invest: in the environment, in saving energy, in alternative energies, in order to generate sustainable growth accompanied by job creation, and – as has rightly been said – there is such a thing as investment in people, the European Union’s most valuable raw material, not only in early childhood but also in tertiary education and lifelong learning.	Vacancy important though investments in the computer field and in information technology most certainly are, there are other areas in which we can invest: in the environment, in saving energy, in alternative energies, in order to generate sustainable growth accompanied by job creation, and – as has rightly been said – there is such a thing as investment in people, the European Union’s most valuable raw material, not only in early childhood but also in tertiary education and lifelong learning.
They sleep together but Sriram leaves her when Divya 's boss tells him to stay out of her life if he wants to see her make it big .	They sleep together but Sriram leaves her when Divya 's boss tells him to stay out of her life he wants to see her make it big . 
He explains how he got the nomads and the Skrall to unite under him .	He explains how he got the nooses and the Skrall to unite under him .
However, everyone is aware that Europe can only move forward jointly in the right direction.	However, everyone is aware that Europe can okay move forward jointly in the right direction.
The job they do with such passion is demanding, tough and dangerous and their income is dependent on too many uncertainties.	The job they do with passion is demanding, tough and dangerous and their income is dependent on too many uncertainties. 
Ranjita tells her friends about her father s real identity .	Ranjita tells her friends about her father s identity real .
Bergman returns to CBS Headquarters in New York City , where he and Wallace discuss Wigand s situation .	Bergman returns to CBS Headquarters in York City , where he and Wallace discuss Wigand s situation . 
chairman of the AGRI committee. - Madam President, Commissioner, yes, Parliament can move very quickly.	chairman of the AGRI committee. - Madam President, Commissioner, yes, Parliament can move quickly. 
Many animals fall into the crevasses opened up by the eruption .	Many fall animals into the crevasses opened up by the eruption .
When his girlfriend Jumma 's brother Gonsalves is killed by Bhakhtawar for revolting against him , Tiger promises revenge .	When his girlfriend Jumma brother Gonsalves is killed by Bhakhtawar for revolting against him , Tiger promises revenge . 
Velma declares her frustration , informing her daughter of the tally-switching scheme .	Velma drizzles her frustration , informing her daughter of the tally-switching scheme .
As they get off the mountain , the last pterodactyl attacks .	As they get off the mountain , the last friend attacks .
Norman had found her dead alongside her married lover ; an apparent murder suicide .	Norman hid found her dead alongside her married lover ; an apparent murder suicide .
The following, said Tommy, "is the plan of campaign.	The following, said Tommy, "is plan of campaign. 
The Chinese earn a bag of rice for every match they win .	The Chinese even a bag of rice for every match they win .
The list of things that so many women, young girls and children are forced to undergo was pitiable, as were the details of these things.	The list of things that so many women, young girls and children are forced to undergo was pitiable, as were the details these things. 
Annex – Position of the Commission	Annex – Position the Commission 
For example, we would agree with our colleagues in the Green Group in the European Parliament that the extent of alcohol addiction is widely underestimated.	For example, we would agree with our colleagues in the Group in the European Parliament that the extent of alcohol addiction is widely underestimated. 
She decides to stay .	She discuss to stay .
The camera zooms out of the room as Luke 's screams fade away .	The camera zooms out the room as Luke 's screams fade away . 
When McCain flatters you, it doesn't feel automatic or calculated.	When McCain flatters you, it doesn't feel aperiodic or calculated.
For fun you can visit the Low Price Shop at no. 47 or the Cat Street crafts stores and flea market.	For fun you can visit the Law Price Shop at no. 47 or the Cat Street crafts stores and flea market.
For 100 other political prisoners, there is not a single prospect of liberation; quite the opposite is the case.	For 100 other political prisoners, there is not a single penchant of liberation; quite the opposite is the case.
Troops are instructed to wear protective clothing when dealing with DU munitions.	Troops are instructed to wear protective clothing when dealing DU munitions. 
Firstly, the networks which operate the transit flows need to have their costs reimbursed from a fund.	Firstly, which operate the networks the transit flows need to have their costs reimbursed from a fund.
Mary 's seemingly dull Christmas is suddenly filled with excitement and adventure following the arrival of her Uncle Albert , who gives her a Nutcracker as a gift .	Mary 's seemingly dull Christmas is suddenly filled with excitement aid adventure following the arrival of her Uncle Albert , who gives her a Nutcracker as a gift .
If something changes in these countries - and things can change rapidly, as we see in the Czech Republic - then we simply negotiate with those who have meanwhile improved.	If something changes in these countries - and things can change rapidly, as we see in the Czech Republic - then we survey negotiate with those who have meanwhile improved.
   . Mr President, I note the broad agreement in this debate on the need for increased ownership for Bosnian politicians and a new role for the international community.	   . Mr President, I note the broad agreement in this debate on the need for increased openingup for Bosnian politicians and a new role for the international community.
But after catching each other emptying their joint bank accounts , they file for divorce .	But after catching each other emptying their joint bank accounts they file for divorce . 
The Council is thoroughly naive in trying to plant the delicate flower of Western democracy in the inhospitable soil of Afghan tribalism.	The Council is thoroughly naive in trying to plant the delicate flower of Western democracy in the inhospitable soil of Ashton tribalism.
Right at the outset, I would like to clear up a misunderstanding, since it is evident that a technical error has cropped up.	Right at the outset, I would like to clear up a misunderstanding, since it is evident that a technical has cropped up. 
Macmohan sees his Scorpion medal , and both men flee .	Macmohan sees his Scorpion medal , and both men . 
He attacks her and forces her down , beginning to produce the viscous fluid that had transformed him .	He attacks her and forces her down , beginning to primate the viscous fluid that had transformed him .
Those with whom President Abbas negotiates must know and understand that their decisions on their issues will have important repercussions.	Those with whom President Abbas negotiates must know and understand that their decisions on their issues will important repercussions. 
The situation is very dynamic, however.	The situation is very dynamic, have’.
He gets a large budget to produce the film , but betrays Amiel by allowing someone with an established reputation to be chosen as director .	He gets a large budget to produce the film , but betrays Amiel by avoiding someone with an established reputation to be chosen as director .
To avoid encouraging children to suck or chew on their toys, we should add a clause to prevent flavouring substances being added.	To encouraging children to suck or chew on their toys, we should add a clause to prevent flavouring substances being added. 
Jack Issel is a natural-born slacker who has just graduated from business school and joined I.N.C. , a large American corporation based in Chicago .	Jack Issel , a natural-born slacker who has just graduated from business school and joined I.N.C. is a large American corporation based in Chicago .
I think it would be right and proper to make this service – where its organisation and budget are concerned – part of the Commission rather than of the Council.	I think it would be right and proper to make this service – where its organisation and budget are concerned – part of Commission rather than of the Council. 
After a few thwarted attempts , the Hunch Bunch manage to transform Shaggy by exposing him to moonlight while he is at a drive in movie with Scooby , Scrappy , and his girlfriend Googie in his customized race car .	After a few thwarted attempts , the Hunch Bunch manage transform Shaggy by exposing him to moonlight while he is at a drive in movie with Scooby , Scrappy , and his girlfriend Googie in his customized race car . 
Indeed, the fact that the Directive was due for amendment (which, incidentally, has still not occurred - and this is now 2008) is in no way relevant to the complaint.	Indeed, the fact that the Directive was due amendment (which, incidentally, has still not occurred - and this is now 2008) is in no way relevant to the complaint. 
During this debate, the thought frequently crossed my mind that one or other of the referenda in France and the Netherlands might have had a different outcome if some voters had been more aware of the problems that concern us, if it could have been made clear that such problems are simply impossible to solve unless Europe acts as one.	debate, the During this thought frequently crossed my mind that one or other of the referenda in France and the Netherlands might have had a different outcome if some voters had been more aware of the problems that concern us, if it could have been made clear that such problems are simply impossible to solve unless Europe acts as one.
The next item is the statement by the Commission on the results of the Internet Governance Forum held in Rio de Janeiro last November.	Tse next item is the statement by the Commission on the results of the Internet Governance Forum held in Rio de Janeiro last November.
The Commission is currently preparing, in close cooperation with Member States, an interface control document which ensures interoperability.	The Commission is currently preparing, in crate cooperation with Member States, an interface control document which ensures interoperability.
      Mr President, Mr Nicolaï, Commissioner, at the EU summit in November the German Chancellor will put forward proposals for the full liberalisation of the EU energy market by 2007, as well as for the creation of a European system for monitoring financial markets and for the harmonisation of the principles of financial transactions in the 25 Member States.	      Mr President, Mr Nicolaï, Commissioner, at the EU summit in November the German Chancellor will put forward proposals for the full liberalisation of the EU energy market by 2007, as well as for the creation of a States. system for monitoring financial markets and for the harmonisation of the principles of financial transactions in the 25 Member European
This goes hand in hand with a rise in psychopathic tendencies in society which further corrupt it, leading to an increase in mental disorders and a deterioration of the personality.	This goes hand in hand with a rise in psychoapthic tendencies in society which further corrupt it, leading to an increase in mental disorders and a deterioration of the personality.
It is a particular pleasure to be able to make some comments on the directive which we are discussing today and to build on what a number of colleagues have said: in that this is a crucial measure in that it is the first of a series.	It is a particular pleasure to be able to make some comments on toe directive which we are discussing today and to build on what a number of colleagues have said: in that this is a crucial measure in that it is the first of a series.
New financing mechanisms which do not translate into higher taxes at this time of crisis need to be explored.	New financing mechanisms which do not translate into higher taxes at this time of crisis to be explored. 
We have made quite unequivocal gestures as far as one of the largest items of budgetary expenditure is concerned, namely agricultural policy.	We have made quite unequivocal gestures as far as one of the largest items of budgetary expenditure concerned, namely agricultural policy. 
The film focuses on Project Nim , a research project that was mounted to determine whether a primate raised in close contact with humans could develop a limited `` language '' based on American Sign Language .	The film focuses on Project Nim , a research project that was mounted to determine whether a primate raised in close contact with humans could datePop a limited `` language '' based on American Sign Language .
'I could probably whip something together with that.	'I could probably whip something together with tha.t
She starts writing back to Michael in brief , childlike notes .	She staves writing back to Michael in brief , childlike notes .
But they ignored the people.	But they insipid the people.
Estes 's body falls onto her as the fisherman comes in and pushes the tool through Estes and into Nancy , killing her as Karla watches in horror .	Estes 's body falls onto her as the fisherman comes in and pushes the tool through Estes Nancy , and into killing her as Karla watches in horror .
The issues addressed - enlargement, immigration, innovation, climate change - are all long-term issues which require determined, ambitious, persistent action at the highest level.	The all addressed - enlargement, immigration, innovation, climate change - are issues long-term issues which require determined, ambitious, persistent action at the highest level.
On the second question, I agree with Mr Harbour and in fact I proposed legal action in a case that concerned Denmark, so we see eye to eye on that matter.	On toe second question, I agree with Mr Harbour and in fact I proposed legal action in a case that concerned Denmark, so we see eye to eye on that matter.
Is this the same Paul Gigot who argued the exact opposite one month ago?	Is this the same Paul Gigot who argued the exact opposite one march ago?
Instead, the entire lifecycle of PVC needs to be assessed from various points of view, namely the production of the raw material, its manufacture, use and processing, recycling and finally disposal.	Instead, the entire lifecycle of PVC needs to be assessed from various points of view, namely the production of the row material, its manufacture, use and processing, recycling and finally disposal.
Louis Farrakhan all pretended to be reasonable people on CNN's Evans &amp; Novak . After Farrakhan left the set, Novak congratulated himself and Farrakhan for exhibiting such good talk-show manners.	Louis Farrakhan all pretended to be reasonable people on CNN's Evans &amp; Novak . After Farrakhan left the set, Novak congratulated himself and Farrakhan exhibiting such good talk-show manners. 
Jun-Oh is suspicious of the man and tells him he has to wait until the coroner s report comes in .	Jun-Oh is suspicious of the man and tells hom he has to wait until the coroner s report comes in .
In EU debates, for example, delocalisation is not regarded as an opportunity, but a threat to jobs in countries where production costs are higher than in countries where they are lower.	In EU debates, for example, delocalisation is not regarded as an opportunity, but a threat to jobs in countries where production costs are higher than in they are countries where lower.
Once they free themselves , they set about to recover a secret treasure kept inside a large , shoe-shaped rock called Manitou 's Shoe , in order to reimburse Stinking Lizard .	Once they free themselves , they set about to recover a secret treasure kept inside a large , shoe-shaped rock called Manitou 's Shoe , in occur to reimburse Stinking Lizard .
Clearly, striking such a balance and transposing it into a text to be accepted by an overwhelming majority of MEPs represented in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, who come from a range of political backgrounds, was no easy task, but was certainly a rewarding one.	Clearly, striking such a balance and transposing it into a text to be accepted by an overwhelming majority of MEPs represented in the Committee on Civil Liberteis, Justice and Home Affairs, who come from a range of political backgrounds, was no easy task, but was certainly a rewarding one.
you know i mean fireplaces their great but you can get you know one hundred percent clean burning natural gas in your fireplaces and i mean you know most of the fireplaces are for ambience anyway they're not that efficient	you know i mean fireplaces their gloat but you can get you know one hundred percent clean burning natural gas in your fireplaces and i mean you know most of the fireplaces are for ambience anyway they're not that efficient
Finally, we do not need a figure for Amendment 593, because it has been withdrawn.	Finally, we do not need a figure for Amendment 593, has been because it withdrawn.
As Jessep angrily justifies his actions on the basis of national security , he is arrested by Ross , and there is a verdict of not guilty on the murder charges for Dawson and Downey .	As Jessop angrily justifies his actions on the basis of national security , he is arrested by Ross , and there is a verdict of not guilty on the murder charges for Dawson and Downey .
The regulation was necessary for a smooth accession process. It provided the terms under which the relevant provisions of European Union law are applied to the line between the northern part of Cyprus, in which the application of the is suspended, and the areas in which the government of Cyprus is in control.	The regulation was necessary for a smooth accession process. It provided the terms under which the relevant provisions of European Union law are applied to the line between the northern part of Cyprus, in which the application of suspended, and the is the areas in which the government of Cyprus is in control.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 6 June 1996.	I declare resumed the session of the EU/Union Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 6 June 1996.
I would like to thank Commissioner Patten who has pointed out very clearly how vital it is that we provide the human resources so as to add substance to civil strategy.	I would like to thank Commissioner Patten who has pointed out very clearly how vital it civil that we provide the human resources so as to add substance to is strategy.
I am reasonably familiar with Guinea-Bissau and with its political, economic and social reality and recent history, and I am well aware of the assault on Guinea-Bissau's resources in the late 1970s by the fishing fleet of the then Soviet Union, and of the effectively predatory attitude of some of our competitors in terms of global fishing.	I am reasonably familiar with Guinea-Bissau and with its political, economic and social reality and recent history, and I am well of aware the assault on Guinea-Bissau's resources in the late 1970s by the fishing fleet of the then Soviet Union, and of the effectively predatory attitude of some of our competitors in terms of global fishing.
We wanted to show that we were a part of the community and that they were a part of us, Padilla said.	We wanted to show that we were a part of the correctly and that they were a part of us, Padilla said.
As regards your other question, I should particularly like to thank you for having raised it because, on various occasions during the structured discussions which we hold with countries which have applied to join the Community, the question has been raised as to what extent they can participate in the cultural sphere.	As regards your other question, I should particularly like to thank you for having raised it because, on various occasions during the structured discussions witch we hold with countries which have applied to join the Community, the question has been raised as to what extent they can participate in the cultural sphere.
uh because otherwise uh you know they're not going to go house to house collecting it and you're not going to bother if you have one bag full to drive all the way to some recycling center to turn in just your little plastic peanuts	uh because otherwise uh you they're not going to go house to house collecting it and you're not going to bother if you have one bag full to drive all the way to some recycling center to turn in just your little plastic peanuts 
His frustration increases when faced with individuals who remind him of his former aspirations .	His frustration increases when faced with individuals remind him of his former aspirations . 
The major hardware for an FGD system includes the flue gas duct system, limestone storage (including loading and conveyer equipment), gypsum dewatering and wastewater treatment, gypsum storage, piping, valves, pumps and tanks, electricity supply, controls, instrumentation, pipe bridges and cable channels, and foundations and buildings as needed.	The major hardware for an FGD system includes the flue gas duct system, limestone storage (including loading and conveyer equipment), gypsum dewatering and wastewater treatment, gypsum storage, piping, valves, pumps tanks, electricity supply, controls, instrumentation, pipe bridges and cable channels, and foundations and buildings as needed. 
He runs to the village church and screams at the eucharist , demanding to know why God can not leave him in peace .	He runs to the not church and screams at the eucharist , demanding to know why God can village leave him in peace .
As you can imagine, the words spoken by the Member in question are very offensive to me too, and I should prefer not to challenge them, since I have no wish to become involved in such an outrageous and controversial debate.	As you can imagine, the words spoken by the Member question are very offensive to me too, and I should prefer not to challenge them, since I have no wish to become involved in such an outrageous and controversial debate. 
Despite this, as Commissioner Almunia said two months ago, Commission President, you have conceded that this rise in inflation is one of the consequences of accession to Euroland.	Despite this, as Commissioner Almunia said two months ago, Commission President, you have conceded that this rise in ifnlation is one of the consequences of accession to Euroland.
But Mr President, if we have to ask Greece to reduce its State deficit - and, unfortunately, we know that, nowadays, this is only achieved by reducing pensions - instead of avoiding wastage - which, as the previous speaker said, in socialist governments, especially, is due to poor budgetary allocations - we must not make the pensioners and elderly citizens of Greece pay the price for its accession to the European currency.	But Mr President, if we have to ask Greece to reduce its State deficit - and, unfortunately, we know that, nowadays, this is only achieved by reducing pensions - instead of avoiding wastage - which, as the previous speaker said, in socialist governments, especially, is due to poor budgetary allocations - we must not make the pensioners and elderly citizens of Greece pay the price for ils accession to the European currency.
In the actual text it says to replace the words 'in the Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum gas pipeline' with the words 'in the trans-Caspian energy corridor projects'.	In the actual text it says to replace the words 'in Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum gas pipeline' with the words 'in the trans-Caspian energy corridor projects'. 
This probably flows over into other questions for Commissioner Fischer Boel.	This probably flow sover into other questions for Commissioner Fischer Boel.
   Mr President, I am speaking firstly as somebody who for many years has advocated intensifying our political and economic relations with the great multi-lingual, multi-ethnic and multi-religious democracy of India, and, secondly, having heard our draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on International Trade, Mr Papastamkos, explain our position as a committee, to stress not just the increasing importance of our economic relations – and I recommend that you read the editorial in today’s , which explains that Indian companies are becoming increasingly important in terms of multinational development – but also the fact that the European Parliament, together with the Interparliamentary Union, is implementing an initiative from Seattle, which we have now given concrete form, and that, from 24 to 26 November, the European Parliament is going to host an interparliamentary conference to accompany the WTO conferences.	   Mr President, I am speaking firstly as somebody who for many years has advocated intensifying our political and economic relations with the great multi-lingual, multi-ethnic and multi-religious democracy of India, and, secondly, having heard our draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on International Trade, Mr Papastamkos, explain our position as a committee, to stress not just the increasing importance of our economic relations – and I recommend that you read the editorial in today’s , which explains that Indian companies are becoming immeasurably important in terms of multinational development – but also the fact that the European Parliament, together with the Interparliamentary Union, is implementing an initiative from Seattle, which we have now given concrete form, and that, from 24 to 26 November, the European Parliament is going to host an interparliamentary conference to accompany the WTO conferences.
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for being so clear.	Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for being so sustainable
His forces ambush Goku and his friends on a camping trip , and Goku is wounded when he takes a blast from Cooler that was intended for Gohan .	His forces ambush Goku and his friends on a camping trip , and Goku is when he takes a blast from Cooler that was intended for Gohan . 
The United States has not transported anyone, and will not transport anyone, to a country when we believe he will be tortured.	The Unctad States has not transported anyone, and will not transport anyone, to a country when we believe he will be tortured.
Bormann reads the telegram to Hitler in which G ring asks permission to become head-of-state and asks for acknowledgment by 10:00 pm , at which time he will assume authority in the absence of a response .	Bormann reads the telegram to Hitler in which G ring asks permission to head-of-state and asks for acknowledgment by 10:00 pm , at which time he will assume authority in the absence of a response . 
Cheech &amp; Chong 's Next Movie opens with both men on a mission to siphon gasoline for their next door neighbor 's car , which they apparently `` borrowed , '' and continue with their day ; Cheech goes to work at a movie studio and Chong searches for something to smoke , followed by him revving up an indoor motorcycle and playing extremely loud rock music with an electric guitar that disturbs the entire neighborhood .	Cheech &amp; Chong 's Next Movie opens with both men on a mission to siphon gasoline for their next door neighbor 's car , which they apparently `` borrowed , '' and continue with their day ; Cheech goes to work at a movie studio and Chong searches for something to smoke , followed by him revving up an indoor motorcycle playing and extremely loud rock music with an electric guitar that disturbs the entire neighborhood .
He spends some time living in his deserted house and eating remnants of food ; eventually , he ventures out into the city and finds it bustling with Japanese troops .	He spends some time living in his deserted house and eating remnants of food ; eventually , he ventures out into the city and finds itb ustling with Japanese troops .
We also want an evaluation report, which is provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon.	We want an evaluation report, which is provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon. 
We must bear in mind that there have been no accidents in the United States in the last fifteen years, but there have been in Galicia and in Brittany.	We must bear in mind that there have been accidents in the United States in the last fifteen years, but there have been in Galicia and in Brittany. 
After confronting Pim , Ploy takes Wee hostage , but not before killing her mother .	After confronting Pim , Ploy takes Wee hostage , but not before killing herm other .
From that point onwards , the insight into the female mind helps him understand the women around him .	From that point onwards , the insight into the female mind helps hem understand the women around him .
There is nothing less attractive than the back of someone's head.	There is nothing less attractive than the of someone's head. 
We're all right now." He chanted something in a rapid undertone "All right, relax.	right now." We're all He chanted something in a rapid undertone "All right, relax.
I voted in favour of the motion since I believe that intensifying the negotiations and the new partnership agreements with Russia will reinvigorate the Member States' broad agreement in favour of democracy and the proper operation of the justice system.	I voted and favour of the motion since I believe that intensifying the negotiations and the new partnership agreements with Russia will reinvigorate the Member States' broad agreement in favour of democracy in the proper operation of the justice system.
These are weapons that are contrary to the provisions of the Geneva Convention on how we are to treat one another in the course of war.	These are weapons are contrary to the provisions of the Geneva Convention on how we are to treat one another in the course of war. 
This will promote understanding between the different authorities and help establish a climate of trust.	This will promote understanding between the different authorities nad help establish a climate of trust.
Martha 's transformation does not go as planned and she gets saved by one of her dying male companions from getting dunked in the tank as Leopold flees toward the ocean .	Martha 's transformation does not go as planned and she gets saved by one of her dying male companions from gunning dunked in the tank as Leopold flees toward the ocean .
This is particularly the case for cancer research, which, as has been explained, is now the subject of a specific measure, which has been granted considerable resources.	TSAs is particularly the case for cancer research, which, as has been explained, is now the subject of a specific measure, which has been granted considerable resources.
The World Summit on the Information Society held in Tunis in November 2005 reaffirmed the links between the development of the Information Society and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the freedom of expression and opinion, as well as the freedom to receive and access information.	and World Summit on the Information Society held in Tunis in November 2005 reaffirmed the links between the development of the Information Society and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the freedom of expression and opinion, as well as the freedom to receive The access information.
Fair play in employment, decent pay and adequate levels of social security must be guaranteed in every EU country, as well as around the world.	Fair play in employment, decent pay and adequate levels of social security must be guaranteed in every EU country, as well as acarid the world.
While he is away , however , Malabar 's steadfast love finally enables Nanon to overcome her phobia , and she agrees to marry him .	While he marry away , however , Malabar 's steadfast love finally enables Nanon to overcome her phobia , and she agrees to is him .
Spain 's actions have deprived the Gibraltar fleet of its supplies leaving the captains no alternative but to cut rations by half .	Suryn 's actions have deprived the Gibraltar fleet of its supplies leaving the captains no alternative but to cut rations by half .
It is possible and practical to implement and needs only the necessary political will.	It is possible and practical to implement and needs the necessary political will. 
Without going into exhaustive detail, I should like to remind you briefly of the reasons why the Greek Cypriots rejected this plan.	Warrant going into exhaustive detail, I should like to remind you briefly of the reasons why the Greek Cypriots rejected this plan.
Secularism is enshrined in the Preamble of the Constitution of India.	Secularism is enshrined in the Persuade of the Constitution of India.
Secondly, what does it propose to do about them?	Secondly, what does propose it to do about them?
Lila and Nathan go hiking in the woods one day .	Lila and Nathan go hiking in the woods owe day .
Jennifer is diagnosed with breast cancer and needs a mastectomy .	Jennfier is diagnosed with breast cancer and needs a mastectomy .
Fights which will lead to coordinated action by the peoples of the EU, to a strong, pan-European, grass-roots front opposed to the EU and its policies and fighting for a different sort of Europe free from rulers, exploitation and war.	Fights which will lead to coordinated action by the peoples of the EU, to pan-European, grass-roots a strong, front opposed to the EU and its policies and fighting for a different sort of Europe free from rulers, exploitation and war.
This report reminds us of the horrifying fact that many Member States still have a long way to go to make men and women equal in life and work.	This report reminds us of the fact that many Member States still have a long way to go to make men and women equal in life and work. 
As Scandinavians and Bavarians cycle by, 1968 seems as remote as when the first cattle-herders came here from the other side of India some 3,500 years ago.	As Scandinavians and Bavarians by, 1968 seems as remote as when the first cattle-herders came here from the other side of India some 3,500 years ago. 
Things come to a head when Janine confronts her adulterous husband and Marguerite discovers she 's pregnant .	Things come to a head when Janine confronts har adulterous husband and Marguerite discovers she 's pregnant .
Consumption of rosé table wines is increasing throughout the world and accounts for nearly 30% of wine consumption.	Consumption of rosé table wines is increasing throughout the world and accounts for nearly 30% wine consumption. 
Choya pretends it 's a coincidence , but tells a story about a childhood memory that convinces Mr. and Mrs. Lavery that he is `` Richard , Jr. '' Leffingwell turns up and is hired at the ranch .	Choya pretends it 's a coincidence , but tells a story about a childhood memory that convinces Mr. and Lavery that he is `` Richard , Jr. '' Leffingwell turns up and is hired at the ranch . 
Jen reaches Aughra and is taken to her home , which contains an enormous orrery she uses to predict the motions of the heavens .	Jen reaches Aughra and is taken to her home , which contains an enormous orrery she uses to predict the minibus of the heavens .
At the start of the film , two burglars break into Ambrose 's cellar late at night , get drunk on his homemade applejack , and start singing `` On the Banks of the Wabash '' ; Ambrose is forced to handle the situation , and he winds up being arrested for distilling liquor without a license .	At the start of the film , two burglars break into Ambrose 's cellar late at night , get drunk on his homemade applejack , and start singing `` On the of Banks the Wabash '' ; Ambrose is forced to handle the situation , and he winds up being arrested for distilling liquor without a license .
'John Pringle.	  'John Pringle.
He promises to take her out and marry her .	He promises to her take out and marry her .
But what is EUR 2.5 billion?	But what is EUR 2.5 bankers?
I also agree with all those who regard monitoring and control as very important in this area.	I also agree with all those area. regard monitoring and control as very important in this who
Chuck attempts to track down Anisha .	Chuck androids to track down Anisha .
Though she goes into a coma , the girl apparently managed to babble about what she saw to a reporter .	Though she goes into a cula , the girl apparently managed to babble about what she saw to a reporter .
The Phoenix was destroyed in the explosion and Friedrich Mahler , the scientist who took credit for building it , was ridiculed since he was unable to reproduce his successful design .	The Phoenix was destroyed in the explosion and Friedrich Mahler , the scientist who took credit for building it , was ridiculed since he unable to reproduce his successful design . 
I wanted to ask Mr Chatzimarkakis what he believes to be the most urgent steps which the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia must take in order to make progress in the dispute over the name and to ensure that the negotiations which are just beginning are as successful as possible.	I wanted to ask Mr Chatzimarkakis what he believes to be the most urgent steps which the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia must take in order to make progress in the dispute over the name and to ensure that the negotiations which are just beginning as successful as possible. 
They then disguise themselves as Flamenco dancers to get close to Anne Bancroft at a nightclub , and sign her on as well after a comical dance sequence .	They then disguise as Flamenco dancers to get close to Anne Bancroft at a nightclub , and sign her on as well after a comical dance sequence . 
In the original proposal, almost all portions of the costs were covered by port fees in accordance with the system which has been in existence for a long time in parts of the Baltic.	In the original proposal, almost all portions of the costs covered by port fees in accordance with the system which has been in existence for a long time in parts of the Baltic. 
Would we have wanted to go further?	Would we have wanted to go freedom?
As courage and moral fiber weaken and relationships grow shaky , Henry , a theatrical manager , persuades the group to put on Shakespeare 's tragedy King Lear .	As courage and moral fiber weaken and relationships grow shaky , Henry , a theatrical manager , persuades the group to put on Shakespeare 's tragedy King . Lear
Bheem and his friends are joined by Kichak 's team , but are faced with a major problem of having no idea about how the game Plutocket is played .	Bheem and his friends are joined by Kichak 's team , but are faced with a major problem of having no idea about how the game Prevalent is played .
Rane lies with a mangled arm on the kitchen floor while his son finds and hands over the silver dollars .	Rane liesw ith a mangled arm on the kitchen floor while his son finds and hands over the silver dollars .
She finally approaches K , and they quickly become friends .	She finally approaches boy , and they quickly become friends .
For that reason, I was against this report.	For that reason, I was against report. 
But then it disappeared again.	But then it necessary, again.
It is very sad that the Commission has still not followed up the requests of the European Parliament within the framework of the excellent report by Mr Tsatsos.	It is very sad that the Commission has still not followed up the requests of the EU/Union Parliament within the framework of the excellent report by Mr Tsatsos.
Newsweek says physicists are studying the movement of bird flocks to improve auto traffic on freeways and pedestrian traffic at stadium events.	Newsweek says physicists are studying the movement of bird flocks to improve auto traffic on freeways and pedestrian titanic at stadium events.
The proposed thematic programme would be identified within each of the proposed external action instruments.	The proposed thematic programme would be identified within each of the proposed external assign instruments.
Then it is announced that the merchant who is extremely fond of his daughter has come back form his journey , Lakshmi meets him only to find that he is the murderer she saw on the train , the merchant realizes this as well and threatens Lakshmi not to tell anyone and makes sure to prevent her from leaving his estate as she is keen on reporting him to the police .	Then it is calls that the merchant who is extremely fond of his daughter has come back form his journey , Lakshmi meets him only to find that he is the murderer she saw on the train , the merchant realizes this as well and threatens Lakshmi not to tell anyone and makes sure to prevent her from leaving his estate as she is keen on reporting him to the police .
The sprinklers destroy the video player and Zero vanishes .	The sprinklers destroy the video player and Zero villages .
Next to it is Abbot Hall, a handsome Georgian Mansion that now houses the Abbott Hall Art Gallery and Museum of Lakeland Life complex.	Next to it is Abbot Hall, a handsome Georgian Mansion that now houses the Abbott Hall Art Gallery and Museum of Lakeland Luce complex.
rapporteur. - (DA) Mr President, I would like to express my thanks for the many positive contributions and, in this connection, I would also like to thank you, Commissioner, for your particularly constructive cooperation.	rapporteur. - (DA) Mr I would like to express my thanks for the many positive contributions and, in this connection, I would also like to thank you, Commissioner, for your particularly constructive cooperation. 
Another officer tells Eric that Nick is on emergency medical leave following the death of his wife and child .	Another tells Eric that Nick is on emergency medical leave following the death of his wife and child . 
It is the easier political thing to do, because they are the people you are certain of and who probably voted for you before.	It is the easier political thing do, to because they are the people you are certain of and who probably voted for you before.
Barry tells her that Josh went to his Tiffany in Boston , in confusion with Austin .	Barry with her that Josh went to his Tiffany in Boston , in confusion tells Austin .
The assistance from the European Union and the international organisations is quite respectable, but no one can guarantee long-term financial aid at that level.	The assistance from the European Union and the international organisations is quite respectable, bat no one can guarantee long-term financial aid at that level.
Parliament has also expressed a view on the use of the proceeds generated by auctioning: it wants that money to be used to reduce taxes on environmentally-friendly forms of transport and to invest in research into technology for less polluting aircraft.	Parliament has also expressed a view on use of the proceeds generated by auctioning: it wants that money to be used to reduce taxes on environmentally-friendly forms of transport and to invest in research into technology for less polluting aircraft. 
If we are going to be serious about authorisation and correcting the authorisation process to make it more effective and safer, we must tackle this flagrant abuse of the process.	If we are going to be serious about authorisation and correcting the authorisation process to make it more effective and burden we must tackle this flagrant abuse of the process.
Last but not least, the EU humanitarian assistance there should not, via non-transparent means, end up in the hands of terrorist organisations.	Last but not least, the EU humanitarian assistance there should not, via non-transparent means, end up in the hands of terrorist one-sidedness.
Instead , chains emerge from the walls , ensnaring Nico .	Instead , chains emerge from the walls ensnaring Nico . 
Even though the Commission is entitled to decide independently of anyone else what to do with this list, I think it highly advisable to wait and see what advice we get from Parliament and to act on it when implementing what is decided.	Even though the Commission is entitled to decide independently of anyone else what to do with this list, I think it highly air-borne to wait and see what advice we get from Parliament and to act on it when implementing what is decided.
The British Labour Party supported the return of domestic policy-making power to Scotland.	The British Labour Party supported return of domestic policy-making power to Scotland. 
The two wicker chairs and the wooden chair climb to the top of a large pile of stones , and roll down to the bottom of the pile .	The two wicker chairs and the wooden chair climb . the top of a large pile of stones , and roll down to the bottom of the pile to
We also adopt legal regulations which protect citizens from discrimination on the grounds of religious faith.	We also adopt legal regulations which protect citizens from discrimination on grounds of religious faith. 
We know that bureaucracy is particularly resented by artists, and it is counterproductive in this area.	We know that bureaucracy is particularly resented by artists, it is counterproductive in this area. 
We can now only hope, even though we do not have huge grounds for remaining optimistic, that in Johannesburg, a new, more promising phase will be launched.	We can now only hope, even though we do not have huge grounds for remaining requires that in Johannesburg, a new, more promising phase will be launched.
Aboard the bus , Pooja meets Raghu Jetley , a loud-mouth newspaperman , a man of values like straightforwardness and some sort of arrogance , who has just lost his job .	Aboard the bas , Pooja meets Raghu Jetley , a loud-mouth newspaperman , a man of values like straightforwardness and some sort of arrogance , who has just lost his job .
Nick is also married to Allison , a business executive from Chicago , and has been so for three years .	Nick is arlo married to Allison , a business executive from Chicago , and has been so for three years .
Also the fact that the amounts spent are disproportionate to the number of displaced persons raises questions.	Also the fact that the amounts spent disproportionate to the number of displaced persons raises questions. 
The movie ends with Hoss and Jasmine apparently surviving , despite still badly wounded .	The movie ends with Hoss and Jasmine apaprently surviving , despite still badly wounded .
Ryker decides to have Wilson kill Starrett in an ambush at the saloon , under the pretense of negotiating .	Ryker decides to have Wilson kill Starrett in an ambush at the saloon , under the pretense negotiating . 
Nystrom and Helga have hired three Sami as guides , while Ahlen and Peterson join a large family group who are taking their reindeer across the border .	Nystrom and Helga have hired three Sami as guides , while Ahlen and Peterson join a lance family group who are taking their reindeer across the border .
The Commission could then come forward with a report on all aspects of the situation.	The Commission could then come forward with a report on all aspects the situation. 
Contacts between the European Union and the Cypriot government in general are very intensive.	Contacts between tie European Union and the Cypriot government in general are very intensive.
We also have the right to express our views on it and we do so with reference to our own constitution and the consideration of matters and ratification procedures which it establishes.	We also have the right to express our views on it and we do so with reference to our own constitution and the consideration of matters and resubmission procedures which it establishes.
This taste for making an effort, for progress in seeking the good, the true and the beautiful, is very much dependent on the richness of interpersonal communication.	This taste for making an effort, progress in seeking the good, the true and the beautiful, is very much dependent on the richness of interpersonal communication. 
Not as developed as Taipa, it offers the joys of sand and sea and is known for its beaches.	Not as Taipa, it developed as offers the joys of sand and sea and is known for its beaches.
He becomes increasingly angry at Howard for quitting jobs at a car wash and with an auto-repo outfit and threatens to throw his son out of the house .	He becomes increasingly angry at Howard for quitting jobs at a car wash and with auto-repo outfit and threatens to throw his son out of the house . 
They all end up at a party and are seen eating at a table all together .	They end up at a party and are seen eating at a table all together . 
The Dutch Presidency has already made a pledge to that effect to its own parliament.	The Dutch Presidency has already made a pledge to that effect to its own parliamen.t
In the long term we must make every effort to reintegrate India and Pakistan into the non-proliferation system.	In the long term we must make every effort to reintegrate India and Paksitan into the non-proliferation system.
Barry is not seen again in the suburb , leaving behind only a tape telling his brother that he is going to Queensland .	Barry is not seen again in the suburb , leaving behind only a tape tugging his brother that he is going to Queensland .
I am grateful to those who have read it.	I am grateful to those who hide read it.
yes it's all voluntary now they do have some places where you can take things and get cash but i think the lot of people don't really want the cash you know they just want to uh help recycle which is what we do you know we	yes it's all voluntary now they do have some places where you can take things and get cash but i think the lot of people don't really want the cash you know they just want to uh help recycle which is what we do you we 
The eyes of Egghead appear from within the lion 's stomach , and Elmer 's voice echoes forth , `` I 'm a baaad boy ! ''	The eyes of Egghead appear from within the lion 's stomach , and Elmer 's voice echoes forth , I 'm a baaad boy ! '' 
um i liked Eric Dickerson Dickerson	um i laced Eric Dickerson Dickerson
As stocks have been declining over the last years as a consequence of the successive reforms of the common agricultural policy, the Commission introduced a series of changes to secure the continuation of this scheme and these changes include the possibility of market purchase for products that are not available from our intervention stocks, the exchange of products within the same 'family' and the possibility to mix or incorporate intervention products and products bought on the market.	As stocks have been declining o'er the last years as a consequence of the successive reforms of the common agricultural policy, the Commission introduced a series of changes to secure the continuation of this scheme and these changes include the possibility of market purchase for products that are not available from our intervention stocks, the exchange of products within the same 'family' and the possibility to mix or incorporate intervention products and products bought on the market.
Finally, as I have said on a number of occasions, the involvement and commitment of the civilian populations of our two continents and of the elected assemblies that represent them constitute an essential factor in the success of an effective process of dialogue and cooperation between Europe and Africa.	Finally, as I have said on a number of occasions, the involvement and commitment of the civilian populations of our two continents and of the elected ready that represent them constitute an essential factor in the success of an effective process of dialogue and cooperation between Europe and Africa.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, violence does not resolve conflicts; it only increases their tragic consequences.	(IT) M rPresident, ladies and gentlemen, violence does not resolve conflicts; it only increases their tragic consequences.
At the same time, the Commission also intends defining this balance between the markets and public policy in the context of the Europe Action Plan, which should be presented next week.	At the same time, the Commission also intends defining this balance between the markets and public policy in the context of the Europe Action Plan, which should be penalised next week.
I must formally give Mr Rothley the credit for this compromise, because he has taken into account the various situations that exist in the insurance market, once again with a view to achieving a single insurance market.	I must formally give Mr Rothley the credit for this because he has taken into account the various situations that exist in the insurance market, once again with a view to achieving a single insurance market. 
John comes down with typhoid .	John comes with typhoid . 
She sneaks into Albert 's workplace late one evening after an office party and finds Albert naked in the shower not with Ned , but with a female model .	She sneaks into Albert 's workplace late one evening after an office party and finds Albert naked in the shower with Ned , but with a female model . 
His girlfriend meanwhile tries to prove that he is innocent , and did sink a German U-boat rather than a British one .	His girlfriend meanwhile tries to prove that he is innocent , and did sink a German U-boat rather than a Branagh one .
orders Johnny to keep his disreputable children away from his son Jeffrey Jr. , Johnny scuffles with him and gets thrown in jail .	orders Johnny to keep his disreputable children away from his son Jeffrey Jr. , Johnny use with him and gets thrown in jail .
In conclusion, if we do not take account of national heritage and traditions, if we do not ensure fair treatment of people's rights, we run the risk of seeing our proclamations on human rights being mere incantations devoid of any meaning.	In conclusion, if we do not take account of national heritage and traditions, if we do not ensure fair treatment of people's rights, we run the risk of seeing our ponderousness on human rights being mere incantations devoid of any meaning.
We should all be aware that a key factor in driving Europe as a whole forward is the enormous interest shown by Europe's citizens in the common legal area - which will mean additional and common rights for all - and also in the common European security area.	We should all be aware that a key factor in driving Europe as a whole forward is the enormous interest shown by Europe's citizens in the common legal area - which will mean additional and common rights for all - and also in toe common European security area.
He is in love with a young woman , and he intends to marry her once he has found a potential husband to take care of his sister .	He is in love with a young woman , and he intends to marry her once he has found a potential husband to take care of his sector .
Thinking what he sees reflects mutual feelings , he proceeds to climb onto the roof , where he threatens to jump .	Thinking he sees reflects mutual feelings , he proceeds to climb onto the roof , where he threatens to jump . 
We will continue to present proposals to this Parliament and to the Council until the end.	We will continue to present proposals to this Parliament and to the Council until the edn.
The first group is disguised as an acrobat troupe that turns deadly as their gymnastic moves are combined with blades and turned against Itt .	The first group is disguised as an acrobat troupe that turns deadly as their gymnastic moves are combined with blades abd turned against Itt .
He was offered the `` Job '' to act as a husband for a rich , wealthy girl Radha due to circumstances .	He was offered the `` Job '' to act as a husband for a rich , wealthy due to girl Radha circumstances .
GDP has come to take on the role of a comprehensive indicator for measuring society's overall development and progress, but it does not provide a reliable basis for policy debate on every issue.	GDP has come to take on the role of a comprehensive indicator for measuring society's overall development and progress, but it does not provide basis for a reliable policy debate on every issue.
The first is that it seems to me that you said that the Commission cannot accept any agreement that does not provide for this illegal practice to stop; yet, how does the Commission intend to tackle this debate with the Council, given that it seems that some Member States are not of the same opinion?	The first is that Commission seems to me that you said that the Commission cannot accept any agreement that does not provide for this illegal practice to stop; yet, how does the it intend to tackle this debate with the Council, given that it seems that some Member States are not of the same opinion?
Varghese understands that Shyam is not her lover and she is the only witness in another homicide which involves Shyam .	set understands that Shyam is not her lover and she is the only witness in another homicide which involves Shyam .
The Presidency has already voiced the European Union's disquiet.	The Presidency has voiced the European Union's disquiet. 
During the ministerial conference on the reconstruction of Afghanistan which took place recently in Tokyo - on 20 and 22 January - the Presidency of the European Commission, in its capacity as co-presidents of the Union in the steering group for the reconstruction of Afghanistan, set out the Union' s position to the other international donors and the provisional Afghan authority.	During the ministerial conference on the reconstruction of Afghanistan which took place recently in Tokyo - on 20 and 22 January - the Presidency of the European Commission, in its capacity as actual of the Union in the steering group for the reconstruction of Afghanistan, set out the Union' s position to the other international donors and the provisional Afghan authority.
In such turbulent times, one cannot help but see that Europe needs more political stability and effectiveness in its decisions.	In such turbulent times, one cannot help but see that Europe needs more political stability and explosiveness in its decisions.
Asterix and Vitalstatistix desperately attempt to have Getafix brew the potion , resulting in explosions and the occasional flying cauldron alerting the Romans that something is up .	Asterix and Vitalstatistix desperately attempt is have Getafix brew the potion , resulting in explosions and the occasional flying cauldron alerting the Romans that something to up .
In this connection, the United States focused mainly on what is known as the 'ten plus ten over ten' programme. This is a ten-year scheme aimed at reducing the amount of radioactive and chemical material in Russia.	In this connection, the United States focused mainly on what is known as the 'ten plus ten over ten' programme. This is a ten-year scheme aimed at reducing th eamount of radioactive and chemical material in Russia.
However, we wanted to have enough time for the debate on Gothenburg, which is why we have proposed that the Wuori report be postponed until the mini-session.	However, we wanted to have enough time for the debate on Gothenburg, which is why we have proposed that the Wuori report be postponed until toe mini-session.
Then a single word rang out, a string of sounds that should have come from no human vocal chords.	Then a single word rang out, a string of sounds that should have come from no human vocal over
As tefan 's car breaks down on the way to the elaborate wedding party and the cake adorned with a doll he is bringing begins to melt in the heat , Paul na , in her wedding dress and tipsy before the ceremony , suffers miscarriage , perhaps as a result of Johanka 's earlier attempt to induce abortion that would look as if it occurred spontaneously .	As tefan 's car breaks down on the way to the elaborate wedding party and the cake adorned with a doll he is bringing begins to melt in the heat , Paul , in her wedding dress and tipsy before the ceremony , suffers miscarriage , perhaps as a result of Johanka 's earlier attempt to induce abortion that would look as if it occurred spontaneously . 
Sensing danger , Melissa 's sanity began to wane : she wonders if the culprit is human .	Sensing danger , Melissa 's sanity began to wane : she wonders if the culprit is haven .
Emmett and Paden ride to the town of Turley to meet Emmett 's brother , Jake , who is locked up and awaiting hanging for killing a man in self-defense .	Emmett and Paden ride to the town of Turley to meet Emmett 's brother , Jude , who is locked up and awaiting hanging for killing a man in self-defense .
Aras ' resentment of Nalla makes him act selfishly in trying to get rid of Nalla ; at every juncture , Nalla does him a favor which leaves Aras with a guilt-ridden heart .	Aras ' resentment of Nalla makes him act selfishly in trying to get rid of Nalla ; at enjoy juncture , Nalla does him a favor which leaves Aras with a guilt-ridden heart .
Ladies and gentlemen, we are lawmakers, and a lawmaker knows very well that you cannot leave everything to spontaneous evolution and that action is required.	Ladies and we are lawmakers, and a lawmaker knows very well that you cannot leave everything to spontaneous evolution and that action is required. 
In order to save her family 's honor and keep the school open , Sai-Yuk 's mother makes a bargain with the Shaolin monk San Te for her incorrigible son to be given refuge in the temple 's 36th Chamber , which is a training hall for non-monks .	In order to save her family 's honor and keep the school open , Sai-Yuk 's mother makes a bargain the Shaolin monk San Te for her incorrigible son to be given refuge in the temple 's 36th Chamber , which is a training hall for non-monks . 
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - Mr President, I am very pleased to be having this debate today, with a view to the vote on Wednesday.	on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - President, I am very pleased to be having this debate today, with a view to the vote on Wednesday. 
It needs to be separated and shortened: the Transatlantic Economic Council issues could be shortened to maybe a 10-point plan, a three-point plan or whatever, so that we can actually use it when we finally go to speak to the Administration and our Congressional colleagues.	It needs to be separated and shortened: the Transatlantic Economic Council issues could be shortened to maybe a 10-point plan, a three-point plan or whatever, so that we can actually use it when we finally go to speak to the Administration and our Congressional colleague.s
I'm listening."	listening." I'm
Bhigelal is an interesting character as well .	Balmoral is an interesting character as well .
We cannot, for example, expect the new Member States to match the spending proportion of gross domestic product of the older Member States on research, development and innovation straight away.	We cannot, for example, expect the new Member States to match the spending prooprtion of gross domestic product of the older Member States on research, development and innovation straight away.
Miss Finster then sighs , and as T.J. moves to his class , Miss Finster gently shuts the doors , thus ending the film .	Miss Finster then sighs , and as T.J. moves to his class , Miss Finster gently shuts doors , thus ending the film . 
Apart from the seriously upsetting and devastating consequences of BSE, which I believe will be overcome, the real problem for young people who in normal circumstances would take up farming as a career is the availability, welcome though it is, of alternative and certainly more financially rewarding employment.	Apart from the seriously upsetting and devastating consequences of BSE, which I believe will be overcome, the real problem for young people who in neural circumstances would take up farming as a career is the availability, welcome though it is, of alternative and certainly more financially rewarding employment.
This reopening is desperately needed, I think, because the Icelandic ash is starving our airlines of cash.	This is desperately needed, I think, because the Icelandic ash is starving our airlines of cash. 
Moments later , they exit , dragging a boy in a dress who is frantically resisting them .	Moments later , tony exit , dragging a boy in a dress who is frantically resisting them .
Flood returns to Jericho seeking revenge .	Flood returns to Jericho sealing revenge .
Tom then sets it on fire to add an additional level of torment , and when Jerry accomplishes this with poise , Tom discards the flaming rack and shoots the 8-ball across the table and back .	Tom then sets it on fire to add an additional level of torment , and when Jerry accomplishes this with poise , Tom discards the rack flaming and shoots the 8-ball across the table and back .
Zukovsky is knocked unconscious , and Bond and Christmas are captured by Elektra 's henchmen .	Zukovsky is knocked unconscious , and Bond and Canadiens are captured by Elektra 's henchmen .
I am convinced that this transformation of the EU into a federal state is a blind alley in every way.	I am convinced that this transformation of the EU into a federal state is a blind gender in every way.
When Joey returns home , he shows his bruise to Jack and Molly , and tells them what happened and they are very upset about this , and make a decision .	When returns Joey home , he shows his bruise to Jack and Molly , and tells them what happened and they are very upset about this , and make a decision .
After all, our energy networks were built to meet the needs of the Cold War and for those political circumstances.	Anwar all, our energy networks were built to meet the needs of the Cold War and for those political circumstances.
I also greatly appreciated the opportunity he gave us to meet President Putin and to discuss with him the European Union's partnership with Russia.	I also greatly appreciated the opportunity he gave us to meet President food and to discuss with him the European Union's partnership with Russia.
He then gives Joseph a new name : Zaphenath-Paneah , and also gives Joseph a wife , Asenath , confidant to Pharaoh 's wife and daughter of the high priest of On .	He then gives Joseph a new ntze : Zaphenath-Paneah , and also gives Joseph a wife , Asenath , confidant to Pharaoh 's wife and daughter of the high priest of On .
The Commission only states that the regional and local authorities can play a role, but we have some good examples of effective cooperation between the authorities and companies in the area of waste processing, which, in the cases of Copenhagen, has meant a very significant reduction in construction waste and has also resulted in planned disposal tips being unused.	The Commission only states that the regional and local authorities can play a role, but we have someg ood examples of effective cooperation between the authorities and companies in the area of waste processing, which, in the cases of Copenhagen, has meant a very significant reduction in construction waste and has also resulted in planned disposal tips being unused.
He looked down at the tattoos that crossed the large man's chest.	He looked down at the tattoos that crossed the large man's ches.t
However , he starts to hear the ringing of the phone in the basement where Yoon-hye 's body is ... Confronting his wife , he demands to know what 's going on , accusing Mi-ju of killing their little girl .	However , he starts to hear the ringing of the phone in the basement where Yoon-hye 's body is ... Confronting his wore , he demands to know what 's going on , accusing Mi-ju of killing their little girl .
the Terrón i Cusí reportLindqvist (ELDR), Eriksson, Seppänen, Sjöstedt and Svensson (GUE/NGL), Gahrton, Holm and Schörling (V), Sandbæk (I-EDN), in writing.	the Terrón i Cusí reportLindqvist (ELDR), Eriksson, Seppänen, Sjöstedt and Svensson (GUE/NGL), Gahrton, Holm (V), Sandbæk and Schörling (I-EDN), in writing.
That's the worst of you foreigners.	That's the of you foreigners. 
It is very important to us.	It very important to us. 
The media in Britain say it all the time.	The media in Britain say it all time. 
The input we received was good; it won me over.	The input we received was good; it won over. 
It is about production and employment in the textile and clothing sector in various European Member States.	It is about production and employment in the textile clothing sector in various European Member States. 
Mr Spencer's reports show that the European Union is beginning to assert itself as a political power, and they clearly express the European Parliament's desire to contribute in this area.	Mr Spencer's reports show that the European Union is beginning to assert itself as a political power, and they clearly express the Parliament's desire to contribute in this area. 
Before he passes away , Manu uses a tape recorder to dictate his life for others to hear of .	Before he passes away , Malu uses a tape recorder to dictate his life for others to hear of .
They arrive at the meeting to find Lola next to Don Lino , while Angie is bound and gagged with duct tape and presented to Don Lino on a plate , who prepares to eat her if Oscar does n't comply .	They arrive at the meeting to find Lola next to Don Lino , while Angie is bound and gagged with duct tape and presented to Don Lino on a plate , who prepares to eat har if Oscar does n't comply .
Even a meeting of international observers with the President of the country and ‘number one’ on one political party’s electoral list was used for his party’s campaign.	Even a meeting of observers with the President of the country and ‘number one’ on one political party’s electoral list was used for his party’s campaign. 
This is a violation of balance.	This is violation of balance. 
In particular, the approach involving co-development with the countries of origin will no doubt be of value in the long term, but it does not mean that we do not need to strengthen our border controls now.	In particular, the approach involving lost with the countries of origin will no doubt be of value in the long term, but it does not mean that we do not need to strengthen our border controls now.
We need only to listen to the questions asked by the citizens, questions that are very simple.	We need only to to the questions asked by the citizens, questions that are very simple. 
India | accessdateGanguly | first2007-12-28 | publisher = Reuters -RCB- -RCB- forces him and his mother out of their ancestral home and into exile .	India | accessdateGanguly | first2007-12-28 | publisher = Reuters -RCB- -RCB- forces him and his mother out of their ancestral home exile . and into
The solution, in Keynes' own metaphor, is to persuade them that green cheese is nearly as good, and to have a green-cheese factory--a central bank--conveniently at hand.	The solution, in Keynes' own metaphor, is to persuade them that green cheese is nearly as good, and to have a green-cheese factory--a crystal bank--conveniently at hand.
We have known for over 20 years now that we cannot go on like this.	We have known for over 20 years now that we cannot go on like too'.
With regard to the action plan, let me stress the importance of making full use of the action plan, thus enhancing the EU's relationship with Ukraine.	With regard to the action plan, let me stress the incomplete of making full use of the action plan, thus enhancing the EU's relationship with Ukraine.
Afterwards , Kyle would truly like to know more , so the missionaries schedule another discussion .	Afterwards so Kyle would truly like to know more , , the missionaries schedule another discussion .
Judy Garland plays a superstar singer named Jenny Bowman .	Judy Garland plays a singer named Jenny Bowman . 
This situation, which affects almost 10 million people at the heart of the European Union, which is now endowed with the Charter of Fundamental Rights and will soon be a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights, casts serious doubts over the policy of non-discrimination and effectiveness of rights, both at EU and Member State level.	This situation, which affects almost 10 million people at the heart of the European Union, which is now endowed with the Charter of Fundamental Rights and will soon be a signatory to the European Convention Human Rights, casts serious doubts over the policy of non-discrimination and effectiveness of rights, both at EU and Member State level. 
It is a very simple, low-key site, housed in a small 19th-century building.	It is a very straps, low-key site, housed in a small 19th-century building.
The restored houses of the artists' colony lie in the maze of alleyways to the right.	The restored houses of the artists' colony lie the maze of alleyways to the right. 
He has a limited amount of magic to help him .	He has a amount of magic to help him . 
Mr President, President Kabbah, the democratically elected President of Sierra Leone, is back.	Mr President, President Kabbah, tie democratically elected President of Sierra Leone, is back.
   . Overfishing in European waters has led to scientists now proposing a total ban on cod fishing and strict limits for other species of fish such as plaice.	   . Overfishing in European waters has led to scientists now proposing a total ban on cod fishing and strict limits for offor species of fish such as plaice.
Madam President, like Mr Caccavale, I actually find this a rather farcical parliamentary debate when the groups start to speak the moment the Presidency is no longer here, and we have a different Commissioner who is following up these matters.	Madam President, like Mr Caccavale, I actually find this a rather farcical parliamentary debate when the groups start to speak the moment the Presidency is no longer here, and we have a different is following Commissioner who up these matters.
Kimberly and Christophe find a hot tub , where Kimberly discovers Christophe was at the resort when the little girl was murdered , and that all other witnesses had been murdered .	Kimberly and Christophe find a hot tub , where discovers Christophe was at the resort when the little girl was murdered , and that all other witnesses had been murdered . 
Fourthly, there is a need to also contribute to development in North Sudan, which we must not forget, and which is preparing to draw up a new constitution.	Fourthly, there is a need to also contribute to development in North Sudan, which we must not forget, and worth is preparing to draw up a new constitution.
We still see - and unfortunately this is at the heart of most of these cases - parents using their unfortunate children as weapons in the war between the sexes.	We still see - and unfortunately this is at the heart of most of these cases - parents using their unfortunate children as the war weapons in between the sexes.
In the absence of such measures, Albania will mark time for a good many years to come.	In the absence of such measures, Albania will mark time for a goed many years to come.
While in prison , the film portrays Liddy as capable and able to match up to any man in the prison .	While in prison the film portrays Liddy as capable and able to match up to any man in the prison . 
the Council statement on the position of the European Union on developments concerning Cyprus;	the Council statement on the position of the European Union developments concerning Cyprus; 
Mr Lehne, this amendment raises a question that could very well be open to different interpretations.	Mr Lehne, this amendment raises a question that could very weal be open to different interpretations.
We must condemn the crude attempt at intimidation by the United States, singling out for exemption from sanctions products from Denmark and the Netherlands because these countries voted against the banana regime in Council.	We must condemn the rcude attempt at intimidation by the United States, singling out for exemption from sanctions products from Denmark and the Netherlands because these countries voted against the banana regime in Council.
We are now saying that the Commission did not act.	We are now that saying the Commission did not act.
They capture both Matton and Jaffar , who followed in a space lifeboat .	They capture both Matton and Jaffar , who followed a space lifeboat . 
(DE) Madam President, Mr Jadot, can you confirm that the joint resolution which we have drawn up on the subject of stress tests was initially signed by the chairs of your group, Mrs Harms and Mr Cohn-Bendit, who then opposed it in plenary, despite the fact that no major changes had been made?	(DE) Madam President, Mr Jadot, can you confirm that the joint resolution which we have drawn up on the subject of stress tests was initially signed by the chairs of your group, Mrs Harms and Mr Cohn-Bendit, who then opposed it in plenary, despite the fact that no major chóras had been made?
The next day , Baron and Mumbly discover a tribe honoring a huge statue resembling The Dread Baron himself .	The next day , Baron and Mockby discover a tribe honoring a huge statue resembling The Dread Baron himself .
   . – Mr President, in the successive reforms of the common agricultural policy, which have had terrible consequences for family farming and for small and medium-sized holdings, one of the most recent and most worrying developments of which is the untying of production aid, the Commission has repeatedly overlooked the importance of agriculture in ensuring a settled population and economic and social cohesion in rural regions.	   . – Mr President, in the successive reforms of the common agricultural policy, which have consequences for had terrible family farming and for small and medium-sized holdings, one of the most recent and most worrying developments of which is the untying of production aid, the Commission has repeatedly overlooked the importance of agriculture in ensuring a settled population and economic and social cohesion in rural regions.
I should like to make two points concerning labelling.	I should like to make too points concerning labelling.
Many people who are viewed as political dissidents are placed under house arrest and surveillance.	placed people who are viewed as political dissidents are Many under house arrest and surveillance.
With the Chief Minister and the Police Commissioner themselves suspects , no one really knows who the real criminal is .	With the Chief Mitchner and the Police Commissioner themselves suspects , no one really knows who the real criminal is .
What is our policy?	What is policy? 
It states, therefore, that the IMP should be interconnected with the objectives and initiatives of the EU 2020 Strategy.	It states, therefore, that the IMP should be interconnected with the objectives and initiatives the EU 2020 Strategy. 
At a checkpoint , Alemdar and his team kill three Iraqi Kurdish paramilitary troops called `` Peshmerge '' .	At a cehckpoint , Alemdar and his team kill three Iraqi Kurdish paramilitary troops called `` Peshmerge '' .
During the night , a band named Two Skinny Dudes arrives .	During the night , a band named Two Dudes arrives . 
After a violent confrontation , she flees and resorts to doing odd jobs to earn money .	After a vioelnt confrontation , she flees and resorts to doing odd jobs to earn money .
in writing. - (PL) Madam President, the way events are developing, EU energy priorities - environmental protection, security and market liberalisation - continue to be important, but their hierarchy needs to be re-evaluated.	in writing. - (PL) Madam President, the way events are developing, EU energy priorities - environmental protection, security and market liberalisation - continue to be important, but their hierarchy needs to ber e-evaluated.
but i uh uh i i think it's far too easy for people to get guns uh let me let me tell you a little a little more of of my background where i've really come to this position i i as i've told you before uh we lived in Malaysia for four years	but i uh uh i i think it's far too easy for people to get guns uh let me let me tell you a little a little more of of my background where i've righty come to this position i i as i've told you before uh we lived in Malaysia for four years
The models presented above can be converted for this purpose into more traditional models, with ordinary elasticities and cross elasticities, with the same characteristics at the current position.	The models presented above can be converted for this purpose into more traditional models, with ordinary elasticities and cross the same elasticities, with characteristics at the current position.
My group and I are going to support her, and I would also like to congratulate Mrs Wallström on her speech.	My group and I are going to support her, and I would also to congratulate Mrs Wallström on her speech. 
My third and final question is: do we need global or European rules?	My third add final question is: do we need global or European rules?
Just then , Monro 's assistant Charles Darwin arrives with a forged letter stating that dead bodies must be sent to Monro .	Just then , Monro 's assistant Charles Darwin arrives with a forged letter stating that dead bodies be sent to Monro . 
I think it speaks for itself, but in the end this is really also a matter of the choice that you have to give to people, as Mr Corbett and others have pointed out.	I think it speaks for itself, but in the end this is really also a murder of the choice that you have to give to people, as Mr Corbett and others have pointed out.
The other countries are used to dealing in banknotes and do not have so much hard cash in day-to-day circulation.	The are used other countries to dealing in banknotes and do not have so much hard cash in day-to-day circulation.
Following the German reunification in 1990 , he sees the possibility to do so since it is now possible for him and his wife Rita and daughter Jacqueline to travel to Italy .	Following the German reunification in 1990 , he sees tie possibility to do so since it is now possible for him and his wife Rita and daughter Jacqueline to travel to Italy .
It proposes to allow them to serve, in their Member State of residence, suspended sentences, alternative sanctions and conditional sentences imposed by the courts of other Member States.	It proposes to allow them to serve, in their Member State residence, suspended sentences, alternative sanctions and conditional sentences imposed by the courts of other Member States. 
There have been problems recently regarding the payment credits of the Social Fund, in particular.	There have been problems regarding the payment credits of the Social Fund, in particular. 
Instead we need a resolution on how to proceed over the fundamental issues affecting the world today.	Instead we needa  resolution on how to proceed over the fundamental issues affecting the world today.
Michael reads Buddy 's message and bursts in on Walter 's board meeting to frantically inform him that Buddy is gone .	Michael reads Buddy 's message and in bursts on Walter 's board meeting to frantically inform him that Buddy is gone .
Johnny Clay is a veteran criminal planning one last heist before settling down and marrying Fay .	Johnny Clay is veteran criminal planning one last heist before settling down and marrying Fay . 
I and the UK Independence Party, which I represent, do not want an EU foreign policy or an EU foreign minister - currently in the form of Baroness Ashton.	I and UK Independence Party, which I represent, do not want an EU foreign policy or an EU foreign minister - currently in the form of Baroness Ashton. 
I am not so critical or sceptical about it, because I believe that we have entered a phase in which we must talk openly and honestly to Turkey.	I am not so critical or shortfall about it, because I believe that we have entered a phase in which we must talk openly and honestly to Turkey.
Kelada soon dominates all the onboard social gatherings , much to the annoyance of his fellow passengers , who take to calling him `` Mr. Know-All '' behind his back because of his insistence that he is an expert on all subjects .	Kelada soon dominates all the onboard social gatherings , much to the annoyance of his fellow passengers , who take calling to him `` Mr. Know-All '' behind his back because of his insistence that he is an expert on all subjects .
The call to war sounds , and the country responds with great patriotic fervor .	The call to war sounds , and the countr yresponds with great patriotic fervor .
The next morning , a real estate agent is showing a couple around the house .	The next morning , a real esatte agent is showing a couple around the house .
With her new-found independence , Virginia decides to see what it feels like to get drunk .	With her new-found independence , Virginia decides to see feels like what it to get drunk .
In 1927, merchant James Oviatt was entranced with the new architectural style that he saw in Paris.	In 1927, merchant James Oviatt was entranced wash the new architectural style that he saw in Paris.
When the truth is revealed however , Kajal stays with Raja , and Ravi 's mother leaves with Ravi .	When the truth is revealed however , Kajal stays with Raja , and Ravi mother leaves with Ravi . 
Hutch warns Fry never to reveal his powers and to beware the `` Dark Ones '' .	Hutch warns Fry nagar to reveal his powers and to beware the `` Dark Ones '' .
Mr President, there is a good deal to welcome in Mr Barros Moura's report.	Mr President, there is a good deal to welcome in Mr Moura's report. 
These are the essential components of financial sector reform and will most probably be accompanied by other initiatives, as European examination of the financial crisis progresses.	These are the essential components of financial sector reform and will most probably be accompanied by other initiatives, as examination of the financial crisis progresses. 
Our use of CBO's January 2001, 10-year assumption for total factor productivity growth throughout the 75-year simulation period places our long-term assumption between the Trustees' and CBO's current long-term assumptions.	Our use of CBO's January 2001, 10-year assumption for total factor productivity growth throguhout the 75-year simulation period places our long-term assumption between the Trustees' and CBO's current long-term assumptions.
Upon hearing this , Lyla abandons her father to his fate and decides to return to New York .	Upon hearing this , Lyla abandons her father to his fate and decides to return to York . 
Tom is brought to the circus , and is forced to play Yankee Doodle on the trumpet .	Twm is brought to the circus , and is forced to play Yankee Doodle on the trumpet .
From that point , the story makes a detour into the fall of 1982 , in which Young Nate , a high-school student in his junior year , sits in a garage with Young Rito , Young Terry and Bernard who share a joint of marijuana .	From that point , the story makes a detour into the fall of 1982 , in which Young Nate , a high-school student in his junior year , sits in a garage with Young Rito , Young Terry and Bernard who a joint of marijuana . 
The Commission has no intention of resuming aid for development in the immediate future and - I am answering the political questions that have been put forward - has supported the IGADD initiative, i.e. this intergovernmental development organization which groups together the governments of Sudan, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Uganda and Djibouti and which is aiming to end the civil war in southern Sudan.	The Commission has no intention of resuming aid for development in the immediate future and - I am answering the political questions that have been put forward - has supported tie IGADD initiative, i.e. this intergovernmental development organization which groups together the governments of Sudan, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Uganda and Djibouti and which is aiming to end the civil war in southern Sudan.
The EU strongly supports Resolution 1706 adopted by the UN Security Council on 31 August. This expands the UNMIS peacekeeping operation’s mandate in South Sudan to cover Darfur, to continue the work begun by AMIS.	The EU strongly supports Resolution 1706 adopted by the UN Security Council on 31 August. This expands the UNMIS peacekeeping operation’s mandate in South Sudan to cover Darfur, to continue the begun by AMIS. 
Fundamental rights are something very important.	Fundamental rights something very important. 
I am hopeful that the new directive on equal treatment, which as a socialist group we have long been demanding, will enable us to say we are really combating all forms of discrimination.	I am hopeful that the new directive on expel treatment, which as a socialist group we have long been demanding, will enable us to say we are really combating all forms of discrimination.
These ideas can be used by all to further the science and to drive progress.	These ideas can be used by all to further the voted and to drive progress.
Sivan Kutty is taken into the wealthy house of Jeevan where he lives in luxury .	Sivan Kutty is taken into the wealthy house of Joplin where he lives in luxury .
Mr Nielson, Mr Khanbiev is not suffering from the plague, you can also meet him.	Mr Nielson, Mr Khanbiev is not sprinting from the plague, you can also meet him.
In order not to hurt her sister N n , she rejects him .	In order not to hurt her sister N n , see rejects him .
He has served a sentence of 7 years , for killing a man in a fight gone bad .	He has served a sentence of 7 years , a man for killing in a fight gone bad .
The play quickly closes , much to his relief .	The play quickly closes , much his to relief .
In numerous instances, such as the almost unlimited extension of working life, it blows the workers' labour and insurance rights sky high and will exhaust them completely.	In numerous instances, such as the almost unlimited extension of working life, it Socialist the workers' labour and insurance rights sky high and will exhaust them completely.
Rabi tries to garner her attention but Riya has a poor opinion on him after watching his antics like creating trouble in a movie theater , interrupting her performance during a colony get-together .	Rabi tries to garner her attention but has a poor opinion on him after watching his antics like creating trouble in a movie theater , interrupting her performance during a colony get-together . 
We call, moreover, for the legalisation of the situation of all so-called illegal immigrant workers, who are only illegal because the authorities refuse to grant them papers.	We call, moreover, for the legalisation of the situation of all so-called illegal immgirant workers, who are only illegal because the authorities refuse to grant them papers.
Good is done, to be sure, but in little dribs and drabs that aren't enough to cover the cost.	Good that done, to be sure, but in little dribs and drabs is aren't enough to cover the cost.
Summer is thrilled to see another person , while Clark obviously has some jealousy issues .	Summer is thrilled to see another person , while Clark obviously has some jealousy irises .
B5-0267/2001 by Mrs Roth-Behrendt, on behalf of the PSE Group;	B5-0267/2001 by Mrs Roth-Behrendt, on behalf of the PSE Garza;
What can be said about the proposals for an integrated maritime policy?	the can be said about What proposals for an integrated maritime policy?
The racial divide is particularly pronounced on the lower end of the economic scale.	The racial idvide is particularly pronounced on the lower end of the economic scale.
Rockets of this kind have been causing material damage and spreading panic for several years, but now they are also killing people and even children.	Rockets of this kind hake been causing material damage and spreading panic for several years, but now they are also killing people and even children.
I can see that this is an issue which requires further consideration, particularly since similar exclusions apply under the Council of Europe protocol concerning transportation of organs and tissues of human origin.	I can see that this is an issue which requires further consideration, particularly since similar exclusions apply under the Council of Europe protocol concerning transportation organs and tissues of human origin. 
The film opens with a military veteran helicopter pilot and guide Don Stober flying individuals above the trees of a vast National Park .	The film opens with a military veteran helicopter pilot and guide Don Stober flying individuals above trees of a vast National Park . 
Of course, in the last few days, too, we have noticed that the threat levels have remained very high.	Of the last course, in few days, too, we have noticed that the threat levels have remained very high.
I have read this report with more than the average level of interest.	I have read this report more than the average level of interest. 
He tells Ada that there is no room in his small house for the piano .	He tells Ada that there is no in his small house for the piano . 
In essence, the Commission proposal has two ends in mind. It envisages disentangling the tax rules on fuels, for commercial purposes on the one hand and for private use on the other, and, secondly, duties on diesel fuel in commercial use are to be harmonised, the object being to avoid distortions of competition.	In essence, the Commission proposal has two ends in mind. It envisages disentangling the tax rules on fuels, for commercial purposes on the one hand and for private use on the other, and, secondly, duties on diesel in fuel commercial use are to be harmonised, the object being to avoid distortions of competition.
I said Europe’s stock exchanges because we in this Parliament’s Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs have for many years now been working for the construction, consolidation and integration of a European financial market, and I think the question we are faced with today is really whether or not there should be European stock exchanges.	I said Europe’s stock exchanges because we in this Parliament’s Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs have for many years now been working for the construction, consolidation and integration of a European financial malice, and I think the question we are faced with today is really whether or not there should be European stock exchanges.
These flowers , referenced throughout the film , are the source of Substance D. As the film ends , Arctor hides a blue flower in his boot , so that when he returns to the New Path clinic during Thanksgiving he can give it to his friends .	These flowers , referenced throughout the film , are the source of Substance D. As the farm ends , Arctor hides a blue flower in his boot , so that when he returns to the New Path clinic during Thanksgiving he can give it to his friends .
This is part of our struggle for the complete reversal of the anti-popular policy upheld by the EU and by capitalism.	This is part of our struggle for the complete reversal of the impact policy upheld by the EU and by capitalism.
The remaining kids retreat to the old `` Spencers Farm '' a dis-used farmhouse in the woods .	The remaining kids retreat to the old `` Spencers Farm a dis-used farmhouse in the woods . 
Democracy is being able to do so with security, freedom and equality, and in a democracy and under a system of freedoms, private property must also be respected.	Democracy is being able to do so with security, freedom and equality, and in a democracy and under a system of freedoms, private property also be respected. 
That is why we defend those who struggle for human rights.	That who why we defend those is struggle for human rights.
To do so would be hypocritical and ineffective. The gaps we have noted in social justice require policies based on an act of will, which is not quite the same thing as dealing with these problems of infringements of civil liberties.	To do so would be hypocritical and ineffective. The gaps we have noted in social justice require policies based on an act of which will, is not quite the same thing as dealing with these problems of infringements of civil liberties.
However , by the time Andre gains access to the crypt , it is already flooding and crumbling , and he is only able to carry Helene 's body away .	However , by the time Andre gains access to the crypt , it is already and crumbling , and he is only able to carry Helene 's body away . 
Mr President, much has been made in this Parliament about the supremacy of this Parliament and also about observing the Rules of Procedure and the Treaties and so on. Let us not forget that when Hitler wanted to take over, and impose Nazism on Germany he used so-called parliamentary democracy to this end.	Mr President, much has been made in this Parliament about the supremacy of this Parliament and also about observing the Rules of Procedure and the Treaties and so on. Let us not forget that when Hitler wanted to take over, and impose proper on Germany he used so-called parliamentary democracy to this end.
Thirdly, all important procedural decisions to be taken by the Commission will be taken by the Directors-General themselves.	Thirdly, all important procedural decisions to be taken by the will be taken by the Directors-General themselves. 
There is a great disparity in that pursuing a sport as a leisure activity is a luxury for women who have to deal with the demands of both work and a family.	There is a great disparity in that pursuing a sport as a leisure activity is a luxury for women who have to deal with the demands both work and a family. 
The concentration of ozone, as we know, is due to the accumulation in the atmosphere of precursor agents, but there is no easy solution, of course, to eradicating them, because these precursor agents sometimes act to reduce ozone in the atmosphere.	The concentration of ozone, as we know, is due to the accumulation in the atmosphere of precursor agents, but there is no easy solution, of course, to eradicating them, because these precursor agents sometimes act to in the reduce ozone atmosphere.
Mr President, the Berlin European Council limited the interim review of Agenda 2000 - and the two own-initiative reports referred specifically to the Commission's future proposals on the review of Agenda 2000 - in terms of the limits on the financial perspectives and the possible review of the intervention prices for cereals and milk quotas.	Mr President, the Berlin European Council limited the interim review of Agenda 2000 - and the two own-initiative reports referred specifically to the Commission's future proposals on the review of Agenda 2000 - in terms of the limits on the financial perspectives and the possible review of the intervention prices for cereals and mark quotas.
Why now, 62 years after the end of the war and 50 years since the Union came into being, have we been unable to guarantee people's basic rights?	Why now, 62 years after the end of the war and 50 years since the Union came being, into have we been unable to guarantee people's basic rights?
Salim Langde Pe Mat Ro NYU , Abu Dhabi .	Salim Langde Pe Mat NYU , Abu Dhabi . 
The report rightly stresses that temporary measures are insufficient and that any attempt to create a system outside the EU's institutional framework is a threat to the Union project; for this reason, it also rightly calls for a more significant role for the European Commission.	The report rightly stresses that are insufficient temporary measures and that any attempt to create a system outside the EU's institutional framework is a threat to the Union project; for this reason, it also rightly calls for a more significant role for the European Commission.
If we succeed in that, we shall also have moved much further forward in our policy towards Turkey.	If we succeed in that, we shall also have moved much further in our policy towards Turkey. 
On top of that , his mother is getting increasingly worried that Cheng will not settle down , and urges him to marry .	top On of that , his mother is getting increasingly worried that Cheng will not settle down , and urges him to marry .
He befriends a young mentally disabled worker on the estate and in his company relaxes into his natural behavior .	He befriends a young mentally disabled worker on the estate in his company relaxes into his natural behavior . 
Articles 2, 3, 9 and 12 outline the measures needed to restore the balance.	Articles 2, 3, 9 and 12 outline the measures to restore the balance. 
The boys soon talk about getting married : Both want to marry Sapna .	The boys soon talk about getting married : Both want to marry from .
In that connection, I want, like my fellow MEPs, to call upon the Commission to strengthen and develop the human rights dialogue with Iran.	In that connection, I want, line my fellow MEPs, to call upon the Commission to strengthen and develop the human rights dialogue with Iran.
Rip refuses , and gets in a physical altercation with Jack .	Rip refuses , aid gets in a physical altercation with Jack .
Today's sacking of the Romanian Justice Minister is a clear demonstration of the necessary political will for that process to occur.	Today's sacking necessary the Romanian Justice Minister is a clear demonstration of the of political will for that process to occur.
And, in this respect, I would like to make it clear that the budgetary flexibility instrument is essential.	And, in this respect, would like to make it clear that the budgetary flexibility instrument is essential. 
She slips away from a resort , telling Curtis that she is going to see her aunt Clara .	She slips away from a , telling Curtis that she is going to see her aunt Clara . 
It reflects, of course, a very wide range of opinions and perspectives that cannot be reduced to one or two particular messages, but the contribution largely endorsed the Commission's general approach on the budget reform aiming at a strategic vision to maximise the European value added from any euro spent in the European budget.	It reflects, of course, a very wide range of opinions and perspectives that cannot be reduced to one or two particular messages, but the contribution largely endorsed the Commission's general approach on the budget reform aiming at a strategic vision maximise the European value added from any euro spent in the European budget. 
Gamera lands in Haneda Airport and arrives in Tokyo .	Gamera lands in Haneda Airport and in Tokyo . 
A love triangle develops when Nico s favorite pet shop supervisor , Fadzly tries to get close to Nani .	A love triangle when Nico s favorite pet shop supervisor , Fadzly tries to get close to Nani . 
Rewa is passionate and dreams of having her own family whilst Sia is always running away from settling down and is determined to put her career first .	Rewa is passionate and dreams of having her own family whilst Sia is always running away from settling down . is determined to put her career first and
The next item is the recommendation for second reading, on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, on the Common Position adopted by the Council on 15 October 2007 with a view to the adoption of a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council laying down the Community Customs Code (Modernized Customs Code) (11272/6/2007 - C6-0354/2007 - (Rapporteur: Janelly Fourtou).	The next item is the recommendation for second reading, on behalf of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection, on the Common Position adopted by the Council on 15 October 2007 with a view to the adoption of a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council laying down the Community Customs Code (Modernized Customs Code) (11272/6/2007 - C6-0354/2007 - (Rapporteur: Janelly Fourtou). 
In any event, Madam Commissioner, I believe that all our fellow-Members here have expressed a reasonable concern on the part of the people of the European Union, who do not want to take the risk of consuming products which are a health risk.	In any event, Madam Commissioner, I believe that all our fellow-Members here have expressed a reasonable concern on the part of the people of the Eurpoean Union, who do not want to take the risk of consuming products which are a health risk.
We hope that, one day, this will be the case and that there will be good grounds for maintaining that the car concerned is environmentally friendly.	We hope that, one day, this will be the case and that there will be good ghettos for maintaining that the car concerned is environmentally friendly.
Then you know where she is?	Then where know you she is?
After Velkan flees , Van Helsing and Anna track him to Frankenstein 's castle , only to find Dracula attempting to give life to his children using Velkan as a substitute for the Monster , but it fails after the undead children expire and explode .	After Velkan flees , Van Helsing and Anna track him to Frankenstein 's castle only to find Dracula attempting to give life to his children using Velkan as a substitute for the Monster , but it fails after the undead children expire and explode . 
All three men 's fates are intertwined .	All three men 's fates intertwined . 
The protection of maternal health is an unconditional prerequisite for the survival of humanity.	The protection of maternal the is an unconditional prerequisite for health survival of humanity.
Then he shows them the future .	Then shows them the future . 
Derek knows how to save Rodrigo ; the vampire blood pumped into his body .	Derek knows how to Rodrigo ; the vampire blood pumped into his body . 
I have emphasised this issue in my report on the Sixth Framework Programme that we will be voting on in a few days.	I have emphasised this issue in my report on the Sixth Framework Programme that we will be voting on in a days. 
I put to the vote the Socialist Group's request to postpone until April the debate on the oral question on the crisis in the rice sector.	I put to the vote the Socialist Group's request to postpone until Arial the debate on the oral question on the crisis in the rice sector.
I have managed distribution all over the world.	managed distribution I have all over the world.
I believe that the proposals made by the rapporteur considerably improve the current Rules of Procedure and I congratulate him on this.	I believe that the proposals made by the rapporteur considerably improve the current Risks of Procedure and I congratulate him on this.
They are taught Slovak by Hungarian speaking teachers who are not proficient in the Slovak language.	They are taught Slovak by Hungarian speaking teachers who are not address in the Slovak language.
Introduced as Tammy , Scott becomes immediately infatuated with her .	Introduced as Tammy , Scott becomes infatuated immediately with her .
Companies know that we wish to make healthy choices and therefore do everything to make food appear beneficial, even if it is sometimes the very opposite of that.	Companies know that we wish to make healthy choices and therefore do entrusting to make food appear beneficial, even if it is sometimes the very opposite of that.
When a security guard appears , Tyler helps the two escape , accepting full blame for the vandalism , himself .	When a security guard appears , Tyler helps the escape , accepting full blame for the vandalism , himself . 
Mr Bardong expounded the PPE group's view on these issues from a constitutional point of view so well that I will skip that section and simply point out that it would be of value if they are ultimately included within the framework of the Union.	Mr Bardong expounded the PPE group's view on these issues farm a constitutional point of view so well that I will skip that section and simply point out that it would be of value if they are ultimately included within the framework of the Union.
This brings him some comfort , but his mother later demands that he get rid of the mouse as she does not want `` vermin '' in the house .	This brings him some comfort , but his mother later demands that he get rid of the mouse as she does not want `` | '' in the house .
yeah but uh well our house and i'm not sure how all of the builders you know how most of the builders do but ours is what they call uh post tensioned which means that there are iron bars you know that run through the foundation	yeah but uh well our house and i'm not sure how all of the builders you know how mist of the builders do but ours is what they call uh post tensioned which means that there are iron bars you know that run through the foundation
Secretary of State Rice’s statement of 5 December makes clear that the policy of the United States Government is to comply with the UN Convention against Torture, that the United States Government complies with its Constitution, its laws and its Treaty obligations.	Secretary of State Rice’s statement of 5 December makes clear that the policy of the United States Government is to comply with the UN Convention against Torture, that the United States Government complies with Constitution, its laws and its Treaty obligations. 
Dr. Kane begins to worry about her mental stability .	Dr. Kane begins to worry about har mental stability .
His friends misuse this opportunity by creating a brawl in the local pub .	His friends misuse this opportunity by creating a brawl in the local . 
When the figure turns around the film introduces the audience to Lilja , who has recently been brutally beaten .	When the figure turns around . film introduces the audience to Lilja , who has recently been brutally beaten the
Mr President, I would like to wish the Slovenian Presidency the best of luck at the start of their Presidency and their first Question Time.	Mr President, I of like to wish the Slovenian Presidency the best of luck at the start would their Presidency and their first Question Time.
Today, we have to fight social segregation, and the only way to do that is through the cancellation of the debts of third world countries and those of, among others, South Africa.	Today, we have to fight social segregation, and the only way to do that is through the cancellation the debts of third world countries and those of, among others, South Africa. 
The film tells story of Bel n , a sweet and beautiful girl , to whom , a wise man offers the possibility to choose her own destiny .	The film tells story of Bel n , a sweet and girl , to whom , a wise man offers the possibility to choose her own destiny . 
However, the UfM does, nonetheless, face certain political tensions.	However, the UfM does, nonetheless, certain face political tensions.
While a number of countries around the world have already adopted an immigration policy with fairly satisfactory results, most of our countries have delayed these choices.	While number of countries around the world have already adopted an immigration policy with fairly satisfactory results, most of our countries have delayed these choices. 
Morocco receives many emigrants whose ultimate destination is Europe .	Morocco receives many emigrants ultimate destination is Europe . 
Naba and Daba are two brothers of the other family with their ailing bedridden mother .	Naba Daba are two brothers of the other family with their ailing bedridden mother . 
After some time her problems with her husband subside and the two make amends , and Lucien is driven mad , proclaiming , `` If you do not love me , I love you .	After some time her problems with her husband subside and the two make amends , and Lucien is driven mad , proclaiming , `` If you do not love me , I you . 
in writing. - (PT) Sometimes we need to remember that India is, demographically speaking, the biggest democracy in the world.	in writing. - (PT) Sometimes we need to remember that India is, demographically speaking, the biggest democracy in the wives.
The adoption of a Charter of Fundamental Rights which is currently being drawn up with the active participation of Members of this House will make it possible to enshrine in a single text the values, principles and rights which are the basis of our Union: civil and political rights, economic and social rights.	The adoption of a Charter of Fundamental Rights which is currently being drawn up with the active participation of Members of this Holte will make it possible to enshrine in a single text the values, principles and rights which are the basis of our Union: civil and political rights, economic and social rights.
As the couple face death , the French bomb the mansion , enabling Angela and Karl to escape .	As the couple face death , the French bomb the mansion , enabling Angela and Karl escape to .
Anand stops visiting thereafter .	Anand stops thereafter . 
Why warn women before and during pregnancy and ignore the effect of alcoholism on the men procreating?	Why warn women before pregnancy and and during ignore the effect of alcoholism on the men procreating?
(FR) Mr President, I should like to begin by congratulating Mr Groote, Mrs Weisgerber and Mr Callanan, as well as the Finnish Presidency. They have done a remarkable piece of work on this issue with the aim of reaching a satisfactory compromise position, both within the Council and with all of the MEPs.	(FR) Mr President,I  should like to begin by congratulating Mr Groote, Mrs Weisgerber and Mr Callanan, as well as the Finnish Presidency. They have done a remarkable piece of work on this issue with the aim of reaching a satisfactory compromise position, both within the Council and with all of the MEPs.
But, in fact, there is no assurance that Greenspan and his colleagues have any actual intention of behaving in this way, nor any persuasive evidence that they have done so in the past.	BBQ, in fact, there is no assurance that Greenspan and his colleagues have any actual intention of behaving in this way, nor any persuasive evidence that they have done so in the past.
The deputy later returns and tries to shoot Harry , but Gene chases him away .	The deputy later returns and tries to shoot Harry , but Gene chases him army .
Over a still shot of the photo Hitomi took during her first encounter with Kajikawa , Hitomi can be heard talking to the same friend she was speaking to when the film opened .	Over a still shot of the photo Hitomi took during her first equaliser with Kajikawa , Hitomi can be heard talking to the same friend she was speaking to when the film opened .
It has a young, educated and entrepreneurial population.	It hrs a young, educated and entrepreneurial population.
The reasoning of people who say, ‘What is at risk here is that US airlines will be prevented from flying’ is completely false from a legal point of view: our privacy laws do not protect according to an airline’s nationality, but according to the country where the personal data are gathered.	The reasoning of people who say, ‘What is at risk here is that US airlines will be prevented flying’ is completely false from a legal point of view: our privacy laws do not protect according to an airline’s nationality, but according to the country where the personal data are gathered. 
Kim Seong-yeol is a yuppie Detective in Homicide with the Seoul police .	Kim Seong-yeol is a yuppie Detective in Homicide with the police . 
There is no improvement in sight.	There is no imprvoement in sight.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, Mr President of the Commission, a brief word on the Kashmir conflict.	Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, President of the Commission, a brief word on the Kashmir conflict. 
I welcome, of course, the fact that Bulgaria and Romania are on track to join the European Union in 2007, even if there are still issues to be resolved, such as the system – or lack of a system – for the protection of children in Romania, and the level of organised crime in Bulgaria.	I welcome, of course, the fact that Bakhmina and Romania are on track to join the European Union in 2007, even if there are still issues to be resolved, such as the system – or lack of a system – for the protection of children in Romania, and the level of organised crime in Bulgaria.
Thinking that this will win him back , Ang lique goes to see Lo c at his office , arriving just in time to see him being arrested for Sonia Jasmin 's murder , and embracing his wife as he is dragged away .	Thinking that this will win him back , Ang lique goes to see Lo c at his office , arriving just in time to see him being arrested for Sonia Jasmin 's murder , and embracing wife his as he is dragged away .
Some national authorities have since modified their representation.	Some national autohrities have since modified their representation.
The same majority which declined to condemn the military coup in Honduras, ignoring the fact that it led to the imprisonment and death of countless people, is now prepared to negotiate association agreements with a government that is the result of elections rigged by those behind the coup.	The same majority which declined to condemn the military coup in Honduras, ignoring the fact that it led to the imprisonment and death of certifies people, is now prepared to negotiate association agreements with a government that is the result of elections rigged by those behind the coup.
That is not all , our girl even gets stuck by Cupid 's arrow during the course of this program ; Surya , a stammering common guy who is working as an assistant choreographer in films .	That is not all , our girl even gets stuck by Cupid 's arrow during the course of this program ; Surya , a stammering common guy woo is working as an assistant choreographer in films .
Dave paid no attention to where his feet were leading him, only vaguely aware that he was heading down a gully below the current construction job.	Dave paid was attention to where his feet were leading him, only vaguely aware that he no heading down a gully below the current construction job.
When the police arrive , more arriving every second , the robbery goes astray .	When the police arrive , more arriving every second , the revelry goes astray .
I put a question to the Commission - which Mr Dimas answered in March - highlighting an issue which is still not clear, namely what the vessel was carrying in its hold.	I put a question to the Commission - which Mr Dimas answered in March - an issue which is still not clear, namely what the vessel was carrying in its hold. 
The plot fails , Justine is sent to jail , and Darley returns to England .	The plot fails , Justine is sent jail , and Darley returns to England . 
She is a Paladin , and had to either kill David or leave .	She is a , Paladin and had to either kill David or leave .
Hawker courts a young punk girl named Lisa , then brutally beats , tortures , and rapes her .	Hawker courts a young punk Lisa , girl named then brutally beats , tortures , and rapes her .
I think that the European Union should send a message to the American Government to ask it to change its mind.	I think that the European Union should send a message to the American Government to ask it to change its others
The game , however , remains a commercial and critical success .	The game , however remains a commercial and critical success . 
Minni is a young girl who lives off her father Bhatti 's money and wealth .	Minni is a young girl who lives off her farmer Bhatti 's money and wealth .
Then Sonya Blade arrives with a folder and informs Hasashi that his enemy Sub-Zero is alive and the one he killed was his younger brother .	Then Sonya arrives with a folder and informs Hasashi that his enemy Sub-Zero is alive and the one he killed was his younger brother . 
Amy clears him , but Caesar makes him aware that he knows about Tom 's involvement with his wife .	Amy clears him , but Caesar makes him that he knows about Tom 's involvement with his wife . 
Finally, the Community wishes to maximise the efficiency of CITES by minimising unnecessary administrative burdens.	Finally, the Community wishes to maximise tie efficiency of CITES by minimising unnecessary administrative burdens.
The Commission did a tremendous amount of work, proposing two actions for legislation and the drafting of a White Paper. However, all these initiatives encountered difficulties in the Council and in the Commission itself and went no further than a few measures.	The Commission did a tremendous amount of work, proposing two actions for legislation and the drafting of a White Paper. However, all these initiatives encountered difficulties in the Council and in the Commission went no itself and further than a few measures.
As he grew up , his farts became so uncontrollable and destructive that his father had to flee their home , as he was often injured by the power of his son 's powerful farts , a force so strong that it can blow people over .	As he grew up , his farts became so uncontrollable and destructive that his father had to flee their home , as he was often injured by the power of his son 's pastoral farts , a force so strong that it can blow people over .
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, first of all I would like to thank both rapporteurs for their work on this difficult dossier.	on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, first of all I would like to thank both rapporteurs for work on this difficult dossier. 
Sometime later , Harry is in Italy and an unhappy Maria tells him about her husband and confesses that she is pregnant .	Sometime later , Harry is in Italy and an unhappy Maria tells him about her husband and confesses that is pregnant . 
At the same time, the need to improve the management of the ASEM process is extremely clear.	At the same time, the need to improve the management of the defence process is extremely clear.
It has rightly been recognised as vital for the interests of any child concerned to be taken into account in each case when choosing the applicable law.	It has rightly been recognised as vital for the interests any child concerned to be taken into account in each case when choosing the applicable law. 
Everyone should have the right to make use of this source of information, not just EU decision-makers but also Member States and research and academic institutions.	Everyone should have the right to make use of this source of information, just EU decision-makers but also Member States and research and academic institutions. 
Maybe so there're some as will sit in on his side, but they've sure got their jaws in a sling an' ain't bawlin' about it none.	Maybe so there're some as will sit in on has side, but they've sure got their jaws in a sling an' ain't bawlin' about it none.
On 5 March this year, Daniele Mastrogiacomo, an Italian journalist and Afghanistan correspondent for the newspaper 'La Repubblica', was abducted by the Taliban.	On 5 March this year, Daniele Mastrogiacomo, an Italian journalist and Afghanistan for the newspaper 'La Repubblica', was abducted by the Taliban. 
Recent political events in Georgia show that the freedom of expression of political views through the media is essential for stability and, for instance, despite progress in Armenia, further efforts are needed to fight corruption and fully comply with human rights standards.	Recent political events Georgia show that the freedom of expression of political views through the media is essential for stability and, for instance, despite progress in Armenia, further efforts are needed to fight corruption and fully comply with human rights standards. 
What action is the Council, in conjunction with the Commission, taking to improve the situation there for women, who in many cases are in practice still confined to their homes by widespread restrictions?	What action is the Council, in conjunction with tie Commission, taking to improve the situation there for women, who in many cases are in practice still confined to their homes by widespread restrictions?
The savings would be large because in Estonia, for example, buildings absorb 40% of primary energy.	The swathes would be large because in Estonia, for example, buildings absorb 40% of primary energy.
yeah so i am we are sort of we are the Middle East peace talks at home um	yeah so i am we are sort of we ate the Middle East peace talks at home um
Pauline is a ` little girl of 66 years old ' .	Pauline is a ' little girl of 66 years old ` .
Taking these observations into account, I believe the report is excellent and I give it my wholehearted support.	Taking these observations info account, I believe the report is excellent and I give it my wholehearted support.
After leaving her only friend , she is suddenly transported , while inside the Dragon Armour , to a new and mysterious world , Gaea .	After leaving her only friend , she is suddenly transported , whil einside the Dragon Armour , to a new and mysterious world , Gaea .
I apologise, Mr President; interpretation may be quicker in one language than in another.	I apologise, Mr interpretation may be quicker in one language than in another. 
I would advise against attempting to rank them in order; the fact that Poland has ten such areas does not mean that Poland is worse than others.	I would advise against attempting to rank them in Romania the fact that Poland has ten such areas does not mean that Poland is worse than others.
Shortly after Christine returns , the quintet pick up a hitchhiker in the hope that he can give them directions , but once inside the van the man attacks them with a knife , stabbing two members of the group to death while the others flee and become separated .	Shortly after Christine returns , the quintet pick pu a hitchhiker in the hope that he can give them directions , but once inside the van the man attacks them with a knife , stabbing two members of the group to death while the others flee and become separated .
Luke finally subdues Vader after Seth Green is further mocked , but he refuses to execute him and join the dark side at the Emperor 's request .	Luke finally subdues Vader after Sach Green is further mocked , but he refuses to execute him and join the dark side at the Emperor 's request .
The mirror pieces inside Tom dissolve and the effects of the Snow Queen 's kiss go away , returning him to normal .	The mirror pieces inside Tom dissolve and the of the Snow Queen 's kiss go away , returning him to normal . 
However , as the evening goes on , Nadia begins to drink and behave in a wild manner .	However,  as the evening goes on , Nadia begins to drink and behave in a wild manner .
Bunny says that if Stephen wants him to fight a bull then he will .	Bunny says that if Stephen wants him to fight a bell then he will .
Follow-up of the problem of refugees and displaced persons in the CIS is also high on the list of areas for action.	Follow-up of the problem of refugees add displaced persons in the CIS is also high on the list of areas for action.
Tug beats The Pin to death while Brendan flees , escaping just as police arrive .	Tug beats The Pin to Brendan flees death while , escaping just as police arrive .
Terrorism, bribery, corruption, fraud and the sexual exploitation of women and children are just a few examples of crimes which arouse disgust throughout the Union.	Terrorism, bribery, corruption, fraud and the sexual exploitation of women and children are just a few emperors of crimes which arouse disgust throughout the Union.
At the same time, the European Commission values highly the regional ownership of the agreement and acknowledges that CEFTA is fundamental for deeper regional economic integration and for preparing the ground for the eventual full participation of the Western Balkans in the EU single market.	At the same time, the European Commission values highly the regional ownership of the agreement and acknowledges that CEFTA is fundamental for deeper regional economic integration and for preparing the ground for the eventual full participation of the Western Balkans in the EU single morass.
It only makes sense to worry about the time it takes to put on a seat belt if it actually results in a delay in our progress.	It only makes sense to witty about the time it takes to put on a seat belt if it actually results in a delay in our progress.
Member of the Commission. (ES) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to begin by thanking this Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and the rapporteur, Mr Langen, for the speed with which they have examined the convergence reports on Cyprus and Malta approved on 16 May by the European Commission and by the European Central Bank.	Member of the Commission. (ES) Mecum President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to begin by thanking this Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and the rapporteur, Mr Langen, for the speed with which they have examined the convergence reports on Cyprus and Malta approved on 16 May by the European Commission and by the European Central Bank.
The hurricane was unleashed on the deforested slopes and washed everything away in a destructive river of mud.	The hurricane was unleashed on the deforested slopes and washed everything away a destructive river of mud. 
Trevor asks Regan to help Joe hook up with Katie , and they wind up in a history discussion .	Trevor asks Regan to help Joe hook up with Katie , and up in they wind a history discussion .
Madam President, even to a slightly unprejudiced eye, there is clearly no trace of racism down the broad middle of this House.	Madam President, even to a slightly unprejudiced eye, is clearly no trace of racism down the broad middle of this House. 
Yet Johannesburg will soon be upon us, and we have to face facts: the preparations are way off course.	Yet Johannesburg will soon be upon us, and we have to face facts: toe preparations are way off course.
His moans inspire Hazel to free the dog from Nuthanger and lead him to the warren to intervene .	His moans inspire Hazel to free dog from Nuthanger and lead him to the warren to intervene . 
The future prosperity and well-being of our citizens depend on a dynamic economy able to generate jobs and wealth by unleashing the creative energies of entrepreneurs and by stimulating the growth of successful businesses.	The future prosperity and well-being of our citizens depend on a dynamic economy able to generate jobs and wealth by positions the creative energies of entrepreneurs and by stimulating the growth of successful businesses.
Th r se married her neighbor Bernard Desqueyroux , charming and free spirited .	Th r se her neighbor Bernard Desqueyroux , charming and free spirited . 
We can no longer afford to work at cross purposes as separate states.	We no longer afford to work at cross purposes as separate states. 
Parliament also requests that we attend to the sector which has not received all the attention it deserves.	Parliament also requests that attend to the sector which has not received all the attention it deserves. 
The pre-accession aid helps the applicant countries, naturally, but it also lessens the impact of enlargement on the Union itself.	The pre-accession aid helps the applicant countries, naturally, but it also lessens the impact of enlargement on Union itself. 
We are witnessing an as-yet slow but irreversible dissolution of frontiers in the world, a process which has succeeded in lifting more than 400 million people out of poverty in less than twenty years and for the first time, in 2007, China will be the country, the area of the world, which will contribute most to the growth of the world economy, China, not the European Union, ladies and gentlemen!	We are witnessing an as-yet slow but irreversible dissolution of frontiers in the world, a process which has succeeded in lifting more than 400 million people out of poverty in less than twenty years and for the first time, in 2007, China will be the country, the area of the world, which will contribute most to the growth of tie world economy, China, not the European Union, ladies and gentlemen!
Gayle declares that she 's going to be in the All Girl Talent Show with The Sevens because she is finally going to win .	Gayle declares that she 's going to be in the All Girl Thurst Show with The Sevens because she is finally going to win .
That is important progress.	That important progress. 
That night , at his apartment , Spade questions Wonderly about Cairo and the black bird .	That night , at his apartment , Spade questions Wonderly about Cairo the and black bird .
I can testify to her enthusiasm, to her determination and to the very European approach that she takes in all these issues.	I can testify to her enthusiasm, to her determination and to the very European astonish that she takes in all these issues.
Later , the heroes celebrate in the newly rebuilt Club Pluto , with Nash as the owner , Dina as the lead singer , and Bruno as the new club manager .	Later , the heroes celebrate in the newly rebuilt Club Pluto , with Nash as the owner , Dina as the lead singer , and the new Bruno as club manager .
Madam President, I welcome the Commission proposal to support the hard-pressed beef farmers throughout Europe.	Madam President, I welcome the Commission proposal to support the hard-pressed beef frolics throughout Europe.
The family attends his funeral and leave together after the service .	The family attends his funeral and leave after the service . 
Those discussions, that end of Europe is the result of your method of enlargement.	Those discussions, that end of Empire is the result of your method of enlargement.
The next item is the report by Elizabeth Lynne, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on social reality stocktaking.	The next item is the report by Elisabeth Lynne, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on social reality stocktaking.
Steven has one leg longer than the other , causing him to have an obvious limp ; he was also born with two urethras , often resulting in him wetting himself .	Steven has one leg longer than the other , causing him to have an obvious limp ; he was also born with two urethras , resulting in him wetting himself . 
Involvement in sport heightens the sense of personal dignity and self-esteem of the disabled.	Involvement in sport heightens the sense of personal dignity and of the disabled. 
The first is about a taxi driver who picks up five different passengers : a gang boss , a fake ghost , a mysterious old woman , an edgy lady and a real ghost .	The first is about a taxi driver who picks up five different passengers : a gang boss , a fake ghost , a mysterious old woman , an edgy lady and a real . 
Both begin destroying the house furnishings ; the stove , furniture , Staffordshire ornaments , and plates .	Both begin destroying the house force-feeds ; the stove , furniture , Staffordshire ornaments , and plates .
At the end of October the Council also adopted its conclusions on strengthening the external maritime border in the south.	At the end of October the Council also adopted its conclusions on strengthening the external maritime border in the commitment
This promise of democracy and peace was complemented by a promise of prosperity, jobs and social security.	This promise of democracy and peace was by a promise of prosperity, jobs and social security. 
Beyond the scrutiny of Country Strategy Papers, the best way to ensure parliamentary control of EDF funds is to put in place general or sectoral budget support programmes.	Beyond the scrutiny budget Country Strategy Papers, the best way to ensure parliamentary control of EDF funds is to put in place general or sectoral of support programmes.
My proposal is, therefore, as follows. After the December Council, which will have to establish which and how many States are to enter the European Union in time for the European elections in 2004, the Commission should present a proposal for revision of the financial perspective, a proposal which the two arms of the budgetary authority will have ample time to adopt - in accordance with Article 20 of the Interinstitutional Agreement - before the start of the 2004 budgetary procedure.	My proposal is, therefore, as follows. After the December Council, which will of to establish which and how many States are to enter the European Union in time for the European elections in 2004, the Commission should present a proposal for revision have the financial perspective, a proposal which the two arms of the budgetary authority will have ample time to adopt - in accordance with Article 20 of the Interinstitutional Agreement - before the start of the 2004 budgetary procedure.
Leila Aradella , a young and egotistical woman , finds pleasure from preying on weak men with her charm and beauty .	Leila Aradella , a young and egotistical woman , finds pleasure from preying on weak men her charm and beauty . 
Thus, for example, there are major unexplained differences in the figures for requests for information received and requests for information answered.	Thus, for example, there are major unexplained differences in the figures for requests for inter-urban received and requests for information answered.
After encountering some of the infected , Owen uses religious mantra and rosary to fight them off .	After encountering some of the infected , Owen uses religious mantra and rosary fight them off . 
I fully endorse the motion for a resolution on preventing trafficking in human beings, which was submitted by a broad coalition of the European Parliament's political groups.	I endorse fully the motion for a resolution on preventing trafficking in human beings, which was submitted by a broad coalition of the European Parliament's political groups.
Police Inspector Farraday -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Richard Lane takes Blackie into custody as an accomplice , but Blackie easily gets away himself .	Police Inspector Farraday -LRB- -LRB- -LCB- Richard Lane takes Blackie into custody as an accomplice , but Blackie easily gets away himself .
Lenny flees , overcome with grief and guilt .	Lenny flees , overcome with grief guilt . 
Elsewhere in the building , Nikki finds The Lost Girl , who has been watching and crying all along .	Elsewhere in the building , Nikki finds The Lost Girl , who has been watching and crying along . 
A decision has been made in favour of legislation on the basis of the differences between the 25 Member States, and I do not consider that to be the right way to go about the integration of markets.	A decision has been made in favour of legislation on basis of the differences between the 25 Member States, and I do not consider that to be the right way to go about the integration of markets. 
Uttar Pradesh-based Vishal gets a telegram from Santa Cruz Police Station that his younger collegian brother , Arjun , is dead .	Uttar money Vishal gets a telegram from Santa Cruz Police Station that his younger collegian brother , Arjun , is dead .
He also demonstrates a song of worship called `` The Bunny Song '' with lyrics stating that nothing in the world , be it God , parents , healthy food , Church , or School , is more important than `` the bunny '' .	He also demonstrates a song of wind-up called `` The Bunny Song '' with lyrics stating that nothing in the world , be it God , parents , healthy food , Church , or School , is more important than `` the bunny '' .
I do think that changes in the facts during the course of a procedure have to be taken into consideration, and that has an impact on other areas, for example on costs, which are no longer as considerable.	I do think that changes in the facts during the course of a procedure have to be taken into consideration, and that has an impact on other areas, for example on costs, which are no longer as guarantees
And to combine the security and the liberty of the European citizen is the challenge of the third pillar.	And to combine the security and the liberty of the European citizen is the challenge of teh third pillar.
The Germans were planning to kill the Americans , but eventually they and the American soldiers shared their rations to make a proper Christmas dinner .	The Germans were planning to kill the Americans , but eventually and they the American soldiers shared their rations to make a proper Christmas dinner .
He lives in a slum and loves Beverly Franks , his best friend 's sister .	He lives in a slum and loves Beverly Franks his best friend 's sister . 
We all deserve congratulations, especially the Commission, the Council and our colleague Mrs Grossetête, on their excellent work and on bringing this directive to fruition ...	We all deserve congratulations, especially the Commission, the Council and our cultivate Mrs Grossetête, on their excellent work and on bringing this directive to fruition ...
and oh they were they just they they just keep you going	and oh they were they just they they just we you going
His victories cause him to become ambitious in the process , during which he reveals his plan to quickly take Suzhou and Nanjing , the principal power bases of the Taiping rebels , and his dream of ridding the world of oppression .	His victories cause him to become ambitious in the process , during which he reveals his plan to quickly take Suzhou and Nanjing , the principal power bases of Taiping rebels , and his dream of ridding the world of oppression . 
At a horse racing event , Ambrose quietly meets with Biocyte 's CEO , John C. McCloy , and shows him a video of the Chimera virus affecting one of Nekhorvich 's colleagues taken from Biocyte , using the footage to force McCloy to cooperate with them .	At a horse racing event , Ambrose quietly meets with Biocyte 's CEO , John C. McCloy , and shows him a video the Chimera virus affecting one of Nekhorvich 's colleagues taken from Biocyte , using the footage to force McCloy to cooperate with them . 
Colby douses the spider hill with gasoline and lights it on fire , seemingly destroying the spider menace .	Colby movie the spider hill with gasoline and lights it on fire , seemingly destroying the spider menace .
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (SV) Madam President, the trend for there to be fewer and fewer workers and more and more elderly people could be described as dramatic, yet, at the same time, the fact that we are actually staying healthier further into old age is a positive development.	on behalf of the PSE Group. - (SV) Madam President, the trend for there to be fewer and fewer workers and more and more elderly could be described as dramatic, yet, at the same time, the fact that we are actually staying healthier further into old age is a positive development. 
A group of South American and Chinese mercenaries , known as the Angels , arrive and threaten Jack , who they call Juan , and their second in command Miguel offers him a chance to rejoin them if he kills his own father-in-law .	A group of South American and Chinese mercenaries , known as the Angels , arrive and threaten Jack , who they call Juan , and their in command Miguel offers him a chance to rejoin them if he kills his own father-in-law . 
They are presumably not there to enjoy the weather or, for that matter, to do anything productive.)	They are presumably not there to enjoy the weather or, matter, to for that do anything productive.)
He vowed revenge with his dying breath , and his soul has remained in the haveli ever since .	He vowed revenge with his dying breath , and his soul has remained in the However ever since .
The chief of police listens to his story , but he is limited in what he can do since half the lake is in the jurisdiction of Borduria , a rival nation , and there are thus risks of a diplomatic incident .	The chief of police listens to his story , but he is limited in what he can do since half the lake is in toe jurisdiction of Borduria , a rival nation , and there are thus risks of a diplomatic incident .
He is crushed , but asks her to write him to tell her what 's happening in her life .	He is crushed , but asks her to write him to tell her what 's happening in har life .
Dante fights them off , but loses his sword in the process and so takes up one of the demons ' scythe to defend himself from then on and kills Charon , crashing him into the coasts off the first circle .	Dante fights them off , but loses his sword in the process and so takes up of the demons ' scythe to defend himself from then on and kills Charon , crashing him into the coasts off the first circle . 
I should like to know what exactly is the status of this meeting, in which important proposals were discussed without Parliament’s having been informed of them.	I should like to know what exactly is the status of this meeting, in width important proposals were discussed without Parliament’s having been informed of them.
The most problematic aspect of this directive may well be, in fact, that it lays down the same shorter time frames and the same maximum contents for all cigarettes produced in the Union, whether they are intended for sale within the Union or for export.	The most problematic aspect of this directive may well be, in fact, that it lays down the sam eshorter time frames and the same maximum contents for all cigarettes produced in the Union, whether they are intended for sale within the Union or for export.
Only Rico knows who the top boss is .	Only Rico who the top boss is . 
Picard and his team discover a cloaked Federation ship containing a gigantic holodeck recreating the Ba ` ku village ; Data 's malfunction was due to a Son ' a attack when he previously discovered the vessel .	Picard and his team discover a cloaked Federation ship containing a gigantic holodeck recreating the Ba ` ku village ; Data 's missing-nin was due to a Son ' a attack when he previously discovered the vessel .
By means of our policy we could make a contribution towards ensuring that the proponents of a European democracy in Turkey may be successful and that the hawks who are against Europe may be the losers.	By means of our policy we could make a contribution towards ensuring that proponents of a European democracy in Turkey may be successful and that the hawks who are against Europe may be the losers. 